A. A. Milne	Weeds are flowers too, once you get to know them.
A. A. Milne	To the uneducated, an A is just three sticks.
A. A. Milne	Tiggers don't like honey.
A. A. Milne	No sensible author wants anything but praise.
A. J. Jacobs	It's sort of my job to feel good.
A.E. Housman	I, a stranger and afraid In a world I never made.
Aaliyah	You have to love what you do to want to do it everyday.
Aaliyah	If I don't think about it, it won't drive me crazy.
Aaliyah	There are times I can't even figure myself out.
Aaliyah	I have the time needed to support the album and tour.
Aaron Eckhart	A film has its own life and takes its own time.
Aaron Eckhart	I would like to direct.
Aaron Eckhart	I'd like to do a romantic comedy.
Aaron Eckhart	I'd like to do more family dramas.
Aaron Eckhart	There are different reasons to make movies.
Abba Eban	Better to be disliked than pitied.
Abba Eban	His ignorance is encyclopedic.
Abel Ferrara	I'm about my characters.
Abel Ferrara	I don't care if I get $50 million to do a film.
Abel Ferrara	I don't care if I get $50m to do a film.
Abel Ferrara	I don't have a problem with Werner Herzog.
Abel Ferrara	I live with a bunch of yuppies and models.
Aberjhani	Varieties of angels, like varieties of love, are many.
Abhishek Bachchan	I like working on my birthday, so I always do.
Abigail Adams	Great necessities call out great virtues.
Abigail Van Buren	Loneliness is the ultimate poverty.
Abraham Cahan	Be modest, humble, simple. Control your anger.
Abraham Cahan	I was a great dreamer of day dreams.
Abraham Cahan	Life is much shorter than I imagined it to be.
Abraham Cahan	What is wealth? A dream of fools.
Abraham Cahan	You must never tire fighting Satan.
Abraham Cowley	Life is an incurable disease.
Abraham Lincoln	Whatever you are, be a good one.
Abu Bakr	Allah will help him who moves in the way of Allah.
Abu Bakr	Knowledge is the life of the mind.
Abu Bakr	He who becomes a Muslim does so in his own interest.
Adam Baldwin	I'm like a fungus; you can't get rid of me.
Adam Baldwin	I'm not much of a jokester.
Adam Baldwin	I think work begets work.
Adam Baldwin	I'm no Leonardo DiCaprio.
Adele	I don't make music for eyes. I make music for ears.
Adele	I've never been more normal than I am now.
Adele	Crying is really bad for your vocal cords.
Adlai E. Stevenson	A hungry man is not a free man.
Adrian Edmondson	Most modern comedy is crap.
Adrienne Bailon	I'm huge fan of 'Timeflies.'
Aeschylus	From a small seed a mighty trunk may grow.
Aeschylus	God lends a helping hand to the man who tries hard.
Aeschylus	God always strives together with those who strive.
Aeschylus	Time brings all things to pass.
Aeschylus	God loves to help him who strives to help himself.
Aeschylus	Bronze in the mirror of the form, wine of the mind.
Aeschylus	The words of truth are simple.
Aeschylus	But time growing old teaches all things.
Aeschylus	Happiness is a choice that requires effort at times.
Aeschylus	Be bold and boast, just like the cock beside the hen.
Aeschylus	For know that no one is free, except Zeus.
Aeschylus	I know how men in exile feed on dreams.
Aeschylus	Everyone's quick to blame the alien.
Aesop	No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
Aesop	Gratitude is the sign of noble souls.
Aesop	Appearances are often deceiving.
Aesop	It is not only fine feathers that make fine birds.
Aesop	After all is said and done, more is said than done.
Aesop	It is easy to be brave from a safe distance.
Aesop	United we stand, divided we fall.
Aesop	Please all, and you will please none.
Aesop	The unhappy derive comfort from the misfortunes of others.
Aesop	Example is the best precept.
Aesop	The smaller the mind the greater the conceit.
Aesop	Our insignificance is often the cause of our safety.
Aesop	Persuasion is often more effectual than force.
Aesop	Adventure is worthwhile.
Aesop	Appearances often are deceiving.
Aesop	The gods help them that help themselves.
Aesop	Any excuse will serve a tyrant.
Afrika Bambaataa	It ain't no joke when you lose your vinyl.
Afrojack	Cars for me are like a piece of art.
Afrojack	Holland is to dance music what Nashville is to country.
Afrojack	I have a living room full of clothes. It's insane.
Agatha Christie	Very few of us are what we seem.
Agnetha Faltskog	I just want to live in peace and quiet.
Agnetha Faltskog	I must be allowed to be as I am.
Agnetha Faltskog	I sing just for fun.
Agnetha Faltskog	I'm a country bumpkin. I'm not a showgirl.
Aimee Garcia	I'm dating a very high-maintenance career.
Al Capone	I am like any other man. All I do is supply a demand.
Al Capone	I don't even know what street Canada is on.
Al Capone	I have built my organization upon fear.
Al Capone	Now I know why tigers eat their young.
Al Capone	Prohibition has made nothing but trouble.
Al Capone	Vote early and vote often.
Alan Ball	Racism is ridiculous no matter where it's coming from.
Alan Jackson	A country song is a song about life.
Alan Jackson	I've always wanted to make a bluegrass album.
Alan Jackson	Oklahoma's always been good to me.
Alan Jackson	You just write about things that happen.
Alan Jackson	I mean, I am driven and laid-back at the same time.
Alan Jackson	I'm usually just enjoying life.
Alan Watts	Reality is only a Rorschach ink-blot, you know.
Alber Elbaz	I like having the freedom to dress as I desire.
Alber Elbaz	I hate bridges. I'm always very insecure on bridges.
Alber Elbaz	I hate the word 'cool.' It gives me a rash.
Alber Elbaz	I am very much a people person.
Albert Camus	You cannot create experience. You must undergo it.
Albert Camus	I know of only one duty, and that is to love.
Albert Camus	Freedom is nothing but a chance to be better.
Albert Camus	No cause justifies the deaths of innocent people.
Albert Camus	What is a rebel? A man who says no.
Albert Einstein	The only source of knowledge is experience.
Albert Einstein	God is subtle but he is not malicious.
Albert Einstein	Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Albert Ellis	The art of love is largely the art of persistence.
Albert Schweitzer	Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.
Albert Schweitzer	Example is leadership.
Aldous Huxley	Dream in a pragmatic way.
Alec Baldwin	Getting older is hard.
Alec Issigonis	A camel is a horse designed by committee.
Aleqa Hammond	I feel pride in being a Greenlander.
Alex Campbell	I am glad to go with my wife and baby boy.
Alex Campbell	I believe in God and immortality.
Alex Ferguson	As long as there are games to play it is not over.
Alex Ferguson	I've never played for a draw in my life.
Alex Ferguson	I do believe in fate.
Alex Ferguson	You can't applaud a referee.
Alex Van Halen	On a personal level, we all get along fine.
Alex Van Halen	Some things are impossible.
Alex Van Halen	Nobody sets out to make a bad record.
Alex Van Halen	Van Halen is a work in progress.
Alex Van Halen	At our age, you don't want to stop.
Alex Van Halen	Music is a dialogue.
Alex Van Halen	We're very needy people, you know.
Alexander Calder	I paint with shapes.
Alexander Calder	My fan mail is enormous. Everyone is under six.
Alexander Haig	We didn't lose Vietnam. We quit Vietnam.
Alexander Hamilton	I think the first duty of society is justice.
Alexander Hamilton	Learn to think continentally.
Alexander Hamilton	A promise must never be broken.
Alexander Pope	To err is human; to forgive, divine.
Alexander Pope	The most positive men are the most credulous.
Alexander Pope	Praise undeserved, is satire in disguise.
Alexander Pope	Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
Alexander Pope	Health consists with temperance alone.
Alexander Pope	Charms strike the sight, but merit wins the soul.
Alexander Pope	Act well your part, there all the honour lies.
Alexandra Daddario	I'm very into fantasy films.
Alexis de Tocqueville	Life is to be entered upon with courage.
Alfred	Nature, red in tooth and claw.
Alfred	Every moment dies a man,  Every moment one is born.
Alfred	I cannot rest from travel; I will drink Life to the lees.
Alfred A. Montapert	Expect problems and eat them for breakfast.
Alfred A. Montapert	All lasting business is built on friendship.
Alfred A. Montapert	Live constructively and live optimistically.
Alfred Adler	Man knows much more than he understands.
Alfred Eisenstaedt	Keep it simple.
Alfred Hitchcock	Self-plagiarism is style.
Alfred Lord Tennyson	Ring out the false, ring in the true.
Alfred Lord Tennyson	A smile abroad is often a scowl at home.
Alfred Lord Tennyson	By blood a king, in heart a clown.
Alfred Lord Tennyson	Love is the only gold.
Alfred Lord Tennyson	Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers.
Alfred Lord Tennyson	I am a part of all that I have met.
Ali Babacan	Greece is not an easy country to do business in.
Ali Babacan	Islam and democracy can function together.
Ali Babacan	Leave history to historians.
Ali Babacan	'The Economist' is a biased organization.
Alice Walker	Womanist is to feminist as purple is to lavender.
Allen Iverson	Personally I just want to win a championship.
Allen Iverson	Being an All-Star is everything.
Allyson Felix	Being a role model is a privilege.
Allyson Felix	I always want to give more than I gave yesterday.
Allyson Felix	I feel old.
Alphonso Jackson	In 1965, I marched for equality.
Alvar Aalto	I do not write, I build.
Alvin Dark	A manager doesn't hear the cheers.
Alvin Dark	Friendships are forgotten when the game begins.
Amanda Abbington	I like being a mother.
Amanda Eliasch	I like to be free.
Amanda Eliasch	I'm not keen on the Internet. I don't trust it.
Amanda Eliasch	If I can't be happy, nobody can be happy.
Amanda Eliasch	Part of me is very shy.
Ambrose Bierce	Love: A temporary insanity curable by marriage.
Ambrose Bierce	War is God's way of teaching Americans geography.
Ambrose Bierce	Dawn: When men of reason go to bed.
Amelia Barr	With renunciation life begins.
Amelia Barr	It is always the simple that produces the marvelous.
Amelia Barr	Old age is the verdict of life.
Amelia Barr	Kindness is always fashionable.
Amelia Barr	What we buy, and pay for, is part of ourselves.
Amelia Earhart	Adventure is worthwhile in itself.
Amelia Earhart	The most effective way to do it, is to do it.
Amelia Earhart	I want to do it because I want to do it.
Amy Acker	I've always been obsessed with Audrey Hepburn.
Amy Adams	I'm really good at gymnastics, and that's about it.
Amy Irving	I have a passion to do theater.
Amy Lowell	Youth condemns; maturity condones.
Ana Gasteyer	I'm so bad at spontaneous impressions.
Ana Gasteyer	I'm a liberal inside a liberal's body.
Ana Gasteyer	Be tenacious. Get as much stage time as possible.
Ana Gasteyer	I live in Brooklyn.
Ana Gasteyer	I'm not a standup, but I play one on TV.
Ana Gasteyer	I've always lived in a city.
Anais Nin	People living deeply have no fear of death.
Anais Nin	Dreams are necessary to life.
Anatole France	It is by acts and not by ideas that people live.
Anatole France	In art as in love, instinct is enough.
Anatole France	Nine tenths of education is encouragement.
Anatole France	The greatest virtue of man is perhaps curiosity.
Andre Agassi	If you don't practice you don't deserve to win.
Andre Agassi	Being number two sucks.
Andre Agassi	I feel old when I see mousse in my opponent's hair.
Andre Gide	Be faithful to that which exists within yourself.
Andre Gide	Most quarrels amplify a misunderstanding.
Andre Gide	The color of truth is gray.
Andre Gide	Not everyone can be an orphan.
Andre Maurois	Business is a combination of war and sport.
Andres Iniesta	I don't consider myself a star.
Andres Iniesta	Perfection doesn't exist.
Andrew Carnegie	Aim for the highest.
Andrew Carnegie	Whatever I engage in, I must push inordinately.
Andrew Fastow	I believe I was extremely greedy.
Andrew Fastow	I was extremely greedy and lost my moral compass.
Andrew Fastow	I'm ashamed of what I did.
Andrew Garfield	I don't believe anyone is ugly.
Andrew Garfield	That's all I want, to keep losing myself.
Andrew Jackson	I have always been afraid of banks.
Andy Garcia	Freedom is not negotiable.
Andy Garcia	I'm a staunch anti-Castro individual.
Andy Garcia	If you want to experiment, do something temporary.
Andy Garcia	Every family is dysfunctional.
Andy Rooney	Nothing in fine print is ever good news.
Andy Rooney	Death is a distant rumor to the young.
Andy Rooney	Writers don't retire. I will always be a writer.
Andy Warhol	Art is what you can get away with.
Andy Warhol	Everyone needs a fantasy.
Angel Cabrera	With sacrifice and work, anything can be done.
Anita Baker	I need my career. That's what validates me.
Ann Landers	Nobody ever drowned in his own sweat.
Ann Landers	You need that guy like a giraffe needs strep throat.
Anna Camp	I think everybody wants to be a rock star.
Anne Campbell	Love means to commit yourself without guarantee.
Anne Campbell	You can plant a dream.
Anne Frank	Whoever is happy will make others happy too.
Anne Frank	I live in a crazy time.
Anne Frank	No one has ever become poor by giving.
Anne Sexton	In a dream you are never eighty.
Annie Baker	Writing is my primary way of expressing myself.
Annie Jacobsen	I do believe that the truth gets out.
Ansel Adams	You don't take a photograph, you make it.
Ansel Adams	A good photograph is knowing where to stand.
Ansel Elgort	Picture-taking is an ensemble art - like theater.
Ansel Elgort	All I want to do is work.
Anthony Daniels	All I ever wanted to do was act.
Anthony Eden	Corruption never has been compulsory.
Anthony Hamilton	You have to be who you are when you do music.
Anthony J. D'Angelo	Don't reinvent the wheel, just realign it.
Anthony J. D'Angelo	Have a strong mind and a soft heart.
Anthony J. D'Angelo	Life is meant to be enjoyed, not endured.
Anthony Michael Hall	Movies are just ridiculously expensive.
Anthony Powell	Self-love seems so often unrequited.
Anton Chekhov	If you are afraid of loneliness, do not marry.
Anton Chekhov	Advertising is the very essence of democracy.
Anton Chekhov	There is nothing new in art except talent.
Antonio Banderas	Expectation is the mother of all frustration.
Antonio Banderas	In my personal life, I am very contemplative.
Antonio Banderas	I have to recognize that I am agnostic.
Aphra Behn	Variety is the soul of pleasure.
Archibald MacLeish	A poem should not mean But be.
Archimedes	Eureka!  (I have found it!)
Aristotle	Hope is a waking dream.
Aristotle	Quality is not an act, it is a habit.
Aristotle	A friend to all is a friend to none.
Aristotle	There is no great genius without a mixture of madness.
Aristotle	The energy of the mind is the essence of life.
Aristotle	Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Aristotle	Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.
Aristotle	A true friend is one soul in two bodies.
Aristotle	Good habits formed at youth make all the difference.
Aristotle	Man is by nature a political animal.
Armand Hammer	Regrets and recriminations only hurt your soul.
Armie Hammer	The Internet is an actor's best friend.
Armie Hammer	I couldn't be more blessed.
Armie Hammer	I like reading. I just hate school.
Armie Hammer	I try to do romantic gestures all the time.
Armie Hammer	Just because it sparkles doesn't mean it's good.
Arne Jacobsen	The primary factor is proportions.
Arnold H. Glasow	The fewer the facts, the stronger the opinion.
Arnold H. Glasow	Improvement begins with I.
Arnold H. Glasow	Make your life a mission - not an intermission.
Arnold H. Glasow	Praise does wonders for our sense of hearing.
Arnold H. Glasow	Nothing lasts forever - not even your troubles.
Arnold Schwarzenegger	It's simple, if it jiggles, it's fat.
Artemus Ward	Why care for grammar as long as we are good?
Arthur Adamov	Passive pleasure is no pleasure at all.
Arthur Adamov	Things always happen in series.
Arthur Ashe	Do not feel sorry for me if I am gone.
Arthur Baer	Lefty Grove could throw a lamb chop past a wolf.
Arthur Baer	It was so quiet, you could hear a pun drop.
Arthur Baer	Alimony is like buying oats for a dead horse.
Arthur Baer	She's generous to a fault - if it's her own.
Arthur Baker	I can't re-define music every week!
Arthur Balfour	Enthusiasm moves the world.
Arthur Balfour	I never forgive, but I always forget.
Arthur Balfour	Biography should be written by an acute enemy.
Arthur Conan Doyle	Any truth is better than indefinite doubt.
Arthur Eddington	Something unknown is doing we don't know what.
Arthur Eddington	Who will observe the observers?
Ashton Eaton	I'm not maximized yet.
Audrey Hepburn	Paris is always a good idea.
Ava Gardner	Deep down, I'm pretty superficial.
B.o.B	I want to produce a country album for a country singer.
Babe Ruth	Don't let the fear of striking out hold you back.
Babe Ruth	Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.
Babe Ruth	You just can't beat the person who never gives up.
Babe Ruth	Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games.
Babe Ruth	Never let the fear of striking out get in your way.
Babe Ruth	Let me show you how it's done... Loser!
Babe Ruth	Baseball changes through the years. It gets milder.
Babe Ruth	Paris ain't much of a town.
Bailee Madison	There is a reason for everything.
Bailee Madison	I'm very, very blessed.
Bailee Madison	Katie Holmes is really amazing.
Baltasar Gracian	Know or listen to those who know.
Baltasar Gracián	Good things, when short, are twice as good.
Barack Obama	Why can't I just eat my waffle?
Barbara Ehrenreich	Someone has to stand up for wimps.
Barbara Tuchman	Honor wears different coats to different eyes.
Barbara de Angelis	I just want to get a Ph.D. in love.
Barry Eisler	I love Japan, and Tokyo is my favorite city.
Barry Eisler	Publishing for me is a business, not an ideology.
Barry Eisler	Good argument is intended to persuade another.
Beatrice Dalle	I do not consider myself beautiful.
Beatrice Dalle	There are no rebels in the cinema business.
Beilby Porteus	One murder made a villain, Millions a hero.
Bella Abzug	All of the men on my staff can type.
Bella Thorne	Don't try to impress people. Always be yourself!
Ben Affleck	I'm human, just like anybody else.
Ben Affleck	I find forgiveness to be really healthy.
Ben Falcone	I'm not much of a joke writer.
Ben Falcone	It's in my wheelhouse to be creepy, as a person.
Ben Jonson	Fortune, that favors fools.
Benedict de Spinoza	Desire is the very essence of man.
Benedict de Spinoza	We feel and know that we are eternal.
Benjamin Disraeli	Courage is fire, and bullying is smoke.
Benjamin Disraeli	Never complain and never explain.
Benjamin Disraeli	Change is inevitable. Change is constant.
Benjamin Disraeli	Diligence is the mother of good fortune.
Benjamin Disraeli	London is a roost for every bird.
Benjamin Disraeli	A precedent embalms a principle.
Benjamin Disraeli	I say that justice is truth in action.
Benjamin Disraeli	A majority is always the best repartee.
Benjamin Franklin	Lost time is never found again.
Benjamin Franklin	Well done is better than well said.
Benjamin Franklin	Energy and persistence conquer all things.
Benjamin Franklin	A penny saved is a penny earned.
Benjamin Franklin	No nation was ever ruined by trade.
Benjamin Franklin	Drive thy Business, or it will drive thee.
Benjamin Franklin	There is no little enemy.
Benjamin Franklin	Necessity never made a good bargain.
Benjamin Franklin	If you'd have it done, Go: if not, Send.
Benjamin Franklin	Remember that time is money.
Benjamin Franklin	There never was a good war or a bad peace.
Benjamin Spock	You know more than you think you do.
Berenice Abbott	Photography helps people to see.
Bernard Ebbers	I didn't have anything to apologize for.
Bernard Ebbers	I expected results.
Bernard Ebbers	I used practically all the money I had available.
Bert Campaneris	I've been in eleven no-hitters you know.
Bertolt Brecht	Poverty makes you wise but it's a curse.
Bertolt Brecht	War is like love, it always finds a way.
Bertrand Russell	The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.
Bertrand Russell	To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.
Bianca Jagger	The killing of innocent people is always wrong.
Bianca Jagger	Live interviews are more difficult to distort.
Bill Ackman	I was a little bit of a cocky kid.
Bill Copeland	After all is said and done, sit down.
Bill Cosby	Gray hair is God's graffiti.
Bill Cosby	Laughter brings out the child in all of us.
Bill Dana	He is so old that his blood type was discontinued.
Bill Hader	Turns out typecasting is a real thing.
Bill Hader	Fred Armisen does a pretty good me.
Bill Hader	Seth Meyers and I wrote a 'Spider-Man' comic.
Bill Hader	'Superbad' was such a personal movie.
Bill Haley	See you later, alligator. After a while, crocodile.
Bill Haley	The road can be hard on a kid if he's not careful.
Bill Haley	We steer completely clear of anything suggestive.
Billy Baldwin	The relationship between a client must be 'we.'
Billy Baldwin	One of my favorite colors is no color at all.
Billy Baldwin	Cotton is my life.
Billy Baldwin	I grew up as one of six kids.
Billy Eckstine	I'm used to hearing myself. My own voice.
Billy Eckstine	It taught me something. It taught you your craft.
Billy Idol	Rock isn't art, it's the way ordinary people talk.
Billy Idol	I rocked the cradle of love.
Bindi Irwin	I really think I like poisonous snakes.
Bindi Irwin	I love having my birthday at Australia Zoo.
Bjarke Ingels	I almost never listen to the radio.
Bjarke Ingels	New York is flat - it's ideal for bicycling.
Black Elk	Sometimes dreams are wiser than waking.
Black Elk	And when I breathed, my breath was lightning.
Black Elk	I cured with the power that came through me.
Blaise Pascal	Noble deeds that are concealed are most esteemed.
Blaise Pascal	Man's greatness lies in his power of thought.
Blu Cantrell	Men are more prone to cheating, definitely.
Blu Cantrell	I feel like I'm a very good role model for women.
Blythe Danner	I loved the first Christmas I had in England.
Blythe Danner	I think I have a lot of crazy layers.
Blythe Danner	Actors are very generous.
Blythe Danner	I feel a little guilty only being an actor.
Blythe Danner	I am always happiest in an ensemble.
Blythe Danner	I don't give my advice unless it's asked for.
Bo Bennett	When it comes to success, there are no shortcuts.
Bo Jackson	I always wanted to be a pilot.
Bo Jackson	I love going out and doing new things.
Bob Dylan	No one is free, even the birds are chained to the sky.
Bob Dylan	There is nothing so stable as change.
Bob Dylan	He not busy being born is busy dying.
Bob Dylan	All I can do is be me, whoever that is.
Bob Dylan	A mistake is to commit a misunderstanding.
Bob Dylan	I accept chaos, I'm not sure whether it accepts me.
Bob Dylan	You can't be happy by doing something groovy.
Bob Dylan	To live outside the law, you must be honest.
Bob Edwards	With radio, the listener absorbs everything.
Bob Edwards	Good things just keep happening.
Bob Edwards	I wanted to be one of the voices in the box.
Bob Ehrlich	I'm a competitive person.
Bob Ehrlich	People believed what I said was what I believed.
Bob Feller	Nobody lives forever and I've had a blessed life.
Bob Iger	Keeping it simple for the consumer is incredibly dire.
Bob Iger	I drive myself to and from work. I love the privacy.
Bob Iger	I started off wanting very much to be a newscaster.
Bob Iger	People don't like to follow pessimists.
Bob Inglis	We are a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants.
Bob Marley	Every man gotta right to decide his own destiny.
Bob Marley	In this bright future you can't forget your past.
Bob Marley	When you smoke the herb, it reveals you to yourself.
Bob Marley	None but ourselves can free our minds.
Bobby Cannavale	I'm an idealist.
Bobby Darin	I think Flip Wilson is a brillant comedian.
Bobby Ray Inman	Zealots often carry the day.
Bobby Ray Inman	Iraq is not about oil.
Bonnie Hammer	The biggest mistake to me is complacency.
Booker T. Washington	Character is power.
Booker T. Washington	We must reinforce argument with results.
Brad Garrett	Humor is healing.
Brad Garrett	I love strong women, not only in life but in craft.
Brad Garrett	My whole life, I've been telling jokes.
Brad Garrett	It's fun to play people who are flawed.
Brandon Adams	Aim higher. Stay focused.
Brandon Adams	I can sing; I can hold a tune.
Brandon T. Jackson	I come from a young, hip-hop, urban world.
Brandon T. Jackson	I know how to be funny to black audiences.
Brenda Fassie	I am proud to be an African.
Brenda Fassie	I wanna be loved. I just wanna be loved.
Brendan Fehr	I do have a lucky pair of underwear.
Brendan Fehr	I never liked group work in school.
Brendan Fehr	I'm not a big fan of rehearsing.
Brett Dalton	I've owned mopeds in the past.
Brett Davern	I love memoirs and autobiographies in general.
Brett Eldredge	I'm so uncoordinated.
Brett Favre	I know it's not a one man team win or lose.
Brett Favre	Nothing, for the most part, surprises me anymore.
Brett Favre	I'm not perfect.
Brett Favre	Wisconsin's a special place.
Brett Favre	I like my teammates.
Brian Aldiss	Keep violence in the mind Where it belongs.
Brian Ferneyhough	If nothing is at risk, nothing is established.
Bridget Hall	I don't remember ever having finished a book.
Bridget Hall	I love to find a great vintage secondhand shop.
Bridget Hall	Girls in my school were always prettier.
Bridget Hall	I am not a party girl.
Brion James	I could talk about Blade Runner forever.
Brion James	Larry Kasdan is a great director.
Brion James	The bad guys are the best parts.
Brion James	Work begets work.
Britt Daniel	I'm usually pretty insecure.
Britt Daniel	I'd always listened to my parents' Bee Gees albums.
Britt Daniel	If I write the song, I get to name it.
Britt Daniel	When we're recording, I always dress up.
Britt Ekland	I'm no angel.
Britt Ekland	I don't sleep with happily married men.
Britt Ekland	The worst thing in the world is to be tired.
Britt Robertson	I love to continue acting. It's my passion.
Britt Robertson	The perfect shorts are always important.
Britt Robertson	I am close - too close - with my family.
Britt Robertson	I'm a huge horror fan.
Britt Robertson	I was a super tomboy growing up.
Bruce Campbell	If you go to Hollywood, you've already sold out.
Bruce Campbell	I see parody as another form of comedy.
Bruce Feiler	Moses is our true founding father.
Bruce Jackson	War is an abstraction.
Bruce Lee	Knowledge will give you power, but character respect.
Bruce Lee	To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities.
Bruce Lee	Showing off is the fool's idea of glory.
Bruce Lee	As you think, so shall you become.
Bruce Lee	Obey the principles without being bound by them.
Bruce Lee	A quick temper will make a fool of you soon enough.
Bryan Adams	I like the idea of helping people help people.
Bryan Adams	I never had a long-term plan.
Bryan Adams	I'm a complete and utter busker.
Bryan Adams	I need to be able to rock out.
Bryan Adams	I pack every minute I can with something to do.
Bryan Adams	I moonlight as a singer.
Bryan Adams	My father's a character.
Bryan Callen	As an actor, you're never busy enough.
Bryan Callen	I celebrate masculinity when I'm onstage.
Bryan Callen	It's always a shock to me when I get recognized.
Bryan Callen	My parents were really nice to me.
Buddha	The mind is everything. What you think you become.
Buddha	Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without.
Buddha	It is better to travel well than to arrive.
Buddy Hackett	I'm an actor. I want to do drama.
Buddy Hackett	I was born to be funny.
C.E. Montague	War hath no fury like a non-combatant.
Caesar Augustus	Make haste slowly.
Caitriona Balfe	Doesn't everyone hate Kristen Stewart?
Caitriona Balfe	Glasgow has truly become my home away from home.
Caitriona Balfe	I would've been a really big silent movie star.
Caitriona Balfe	New York's definitely got my heart.
Calvin Coolidge	I have never been hurt by what I have not said.
Calvin Coolidge	It takes a great man to be a good listener.
Calvin Coolidge	One with the law is a majority.
Candice Accola	I'm a television junkie.
Capt. James Lawrence	Don't give up the ship!
Carl Hagelin	There are guys out there faster than me.
Carl Icahn	I'm a cynic about corporate democracy and boards.
Carl Icahn	My wife watches me like a hawk.
Carl Jung	Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.
Carl Jung	There is no coming to consciousness without pain.
Carl Sagan	Extinction is the rule. Survival is the exception.
Carl Sagan	Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence.
Carl Sandburg	A baby is God's opinion that life should go on.
Carl Sandburg	Poetry is an echo, asking a shadow to dance.
Carl Sandburg	The moon is a friend for the lonesome to talk to.
Carl Sandburg	To be a good loser is to learn how to win.
Carl Sandburg	Nothing happens unless first we dream.
Carl Sandburg	Poetry is the synthesis of hyacinths and biscuits.
Carla Hall	Casseroles are one-pot-wonders!
Carmen Electra	I know I'm not perfect.
Carmen Electra	Laughing makes everything easier.
Carmen Electra	Everyone has different layers to who they are.
Carrie Ann Inaba	I love the show 'Damages!' I am truly addicted.
Carrie Ann Inaba	I really do want to have a child.
Carrie Ann Inaba	I've never been supercritical about my body.
Carroll O'Connor	Even a true artist does not always produce art.
Carroll O'Connor	The wages of pedantry is pain.
Carroll O'Connor	I'm lucky. Lord, I'm lucky.
Carroll O'Connor	Not all celebrities are dunces.
Carroll O'Connor	All in the Family was intellectual; it was art.
Carson Daly	I really like it that they promote from within.
Carson Daly	No one's on at my time but infomercials.
Carson Daly	You have to change the set, stay ahead of the curve.
Cary Grant	Insanity runs in my family. It practically gallops.
Cary Grant	Divorce is a game played by lawyers.
Cary Grant	I improve on misquotation.
Casey Abrams	I consider myself a bassist first.
Casey Abrams	If I shave, I don't have a chin anymore.
Casey Abrams	I have musical ADD, so I like to switch things up.
Casey Abrams	I like kissing people because it's funny.
Casey Affleck	I have a very bad relationship with mice.
Casey Affleck	I'm tired of playing the brat.
Casey Affleck	You sleep with people all the time that you hate.
Casey Affleck	I tricked myself into doing this movie.
Casey Eastham	My hockey comes first compared to everything else.
Casey James	I love country music, always have and always will.
Catullus	There is nothing sillier than a silly laugh.
Cesare Beccaria	Happy is the nation without a history.
Cesare Pavese	We do not remember days, we remember moments.
Cesare Pavese	No one ever lacks a good reason for suicide.
Cesare Pavese	The only joy in the world is to begin.
Cesare Pavese	Love is the cheapest of religions.
Cesare Pavese	Lessons are not given, they are taken.
Cesare Pavese	One must look for one thing only, to find many.
Cesare Pavese	Artists are the monks of the bourgeois state.
Chaka Fattah	Democracy derailed is democracy denied.
Chaka Fattah	We have major fiscal problems on our hand.
Chaka Fattah	Bush has never sent over a balanced budget.
Chanakya	A man is great by deeds, not by birth.
Chanel Iman	Accept yourself, love yourself.
Chanel Iman	Don't be afraid to express yourself through fashion!
Chanel Iman	I'm really into natural and organic products.
Charles Bukowski	Humanity, you never had it to begin with.
Charles Bukowski	Joan of Arc had style. Jesus had style.
Charles Bukowski	Never get out of bed before noon.
Charles Caleb Colton	We ask advice, but we mean approbation.
Charles Caleb Colton	Imitation is the sincerest flattery.
Charles Dance	You have to be selfish to be an actor.
Charles Dance	Most feature films are 35-40 shooting days.
Charles Dickens	We forge the chains we wear in life.
Charles Dickens	A loving heart is the truest wisdom.
Charles Dickens	I only ask to be free. The butterflies are free.
Charles Dudley Warner	Politics makes strange bedfellows.
Charles Eames	Who ever said that pleasure wasn't functional?
Charles Edison	I would rather be respected than elected.
Charles Edwards	Attitudes are the forerunners of conditions.
Charles Haley	I usually kept everybody at arm's distance.
Charles Ives	The fabric of existence weaves itself whole.
Charles Kuralt	Just by luck, I picked good heroes to worship.
Charles Lamb	“Presents,” I often say, “endear absents.”
Charles M. Schulz	I love mankind; it's people I can't stand.
Charles M. Schulz	No problem is too big to run away from.
Charles M. Schulz	You're a good man, Charlie Brown.
Charles Péguy	Tyranny is always better organized than freedom.
Charles Spurgeon	By perseverance the snail reached the ark.
Charles Spurgeon	Of two evils, choose neither.
Charles Stuart Calverley	Meaning, however, is no great matter.
Charlie Adam	Life is settled and I'm enjoying it.
Charlie Chaplin	A day without laughter is a day wasted.
Charlie Chaplin	We think too much and feel too little.
Charlie Chaplin	In the end, everything is a gag.
Charlie Chaplin	I am at peace with God. My conflict is with Man.
Charlie Daniels	We can get rid of red tape.
Charlie Haden	I just sit down at the piano and rattle it off.
Charlie Sheen	Boom, crush. Night, losers. Winning, duh.
Charlie Sheen	I have one speed, I have one gear: go!
Charlotte Gainsbourg	I used to hate being recognised.
Chaucer	The smiler with the knife under the cloak.
Chaucer	Murder will out, certain, it will not fail.
Chaucer	Forbid us [some] thing, and that [thing] we desire.
Chaucer	By nature, men love newfangledness.
Chaucer	And gladly would he learn, and gladly teach.
Che Guevara	Silence is argument carried out by other means.
Cheryl James	Change is not an event, it's a process.
Cheryl James	For the moment, I'm concentrating on my own stuff.
Cheryl James	I'm not really into the fashion thing.
Cheryl James	There are different kinds of people in the world.
Cheryl James	We're not hard people.
Cheyenne Jackson	I'm a New Yorker; my oven is used for storage.
Cheyenne Jackson	I love 'Glee.'
Chico Hamilton	I don't dig staying in one groove.
Chief Joseph	It does not require many words to speak the truth.
Chief Joseph	I am tired of talk that comes to nothing.
Chief Joseph	When an Indian fights, he only shoots to kill.
Chief Joseph	From where the sun now stands I will fight no more.
Chief Joseph	I will speak with a straight tongue.
Chris Bailey	I always liked the intensity of the recording.
Chris Bailey	I have never been over fond of scenes anywhere.
Chris Daughtry	I'm looking to see what the bigger picture is.
Chris Daughtry	I'm living my dream now.
Chris Daughtry	I do belong on stage.
Chris Daughtry	In the '90s, guitar solos were dead.
Chris Daughtry	Ed Kowalczyk is my favorite singer.
Chris Farley	I want to live fast and die young.
Chris Farley	Everybody laughs when fatty falls down.
Chris Hemsworth	Being a superhero is a lot of fun.
Chris Hemsworth	Strong female leads are important.
Chris Hemsworth	For three years, I had embarrassing haircuts.
Chris Hemsworth	I like to explore things.
Chris Isaak	I keep things pretty simple.
Chris Isaak	I put music on and I drive around town.
Chris Isaak	I write my own songs, and I only see their flaws.
Christa Campbell	I love doing the fight stuff. It's the best.
Christian Bale	I have a fear of being boring.
Christian Bale	I never want to feel that I'm playing it safe.
Christian Camargo	My parents had a difficult divorce.
Christina Aguilera	The roughest road often leads to the top.
Christine Ebersole	I don't wear jeans.
Christopher Eccleston	I had bags of energy as a kid.
Christopher Gadsden	I give no more paroles to British officers.
Christopher Marlowe	Sweet Helen, make me immortal with a kiss.
Christopher Morley	Act like you expect to get into the end zone.
Chuck D	I think governments are the cancer of civilization.
Chuck Daly	I do some broadcasting and speaking as well.
Chuck Daly	To some degree. I know I couldn't do it anymore.
Chuck Eddy	Critics should stick to their convictions.
Chuck Eddy	I like critics with strong opinions.
Chuck Hagel	I'm a supporter of Israel, always have been.
Cicero	O mores! )
Cicero	A friend is, as it were, a second self.
Cicero	Justice shines by its own light.
Cicero	Nothing quite new is perfect.
Cicero	Let the punishment match the offense.
Cicero	Laws are silent in time of war.
Cindy Gallop	I like to stand out and make a statement.
Cindy Gallop	I consider myself a rampant feminist.
Cindy Gallop	I love the unknown.
Claire Danes	I am not a genius. But I am nerdy.
Claire Danes	Fame doesn't end loneliness.
Claire Danes	Acting is a humiliating job, from start to finish.
Clare Balding	I hate being alone, even for 10 minutes.
Clare Balding	I play golf - even though I'm awful at it.
Clarence Darrow	The trouble with law is lawyers.
Clarence Darrow	To think is to differ.
Clifford Irving	I was on a train of lies. I couldn't jump off.
Clifton Fadiman	Cheese is milk's leap toward immortality.
Clifton Fadiman	To feel at home, stay at home.
Clifton Fadiman	… cheese, milk's leap toward immortality.
Clint Eastwood	If you want a guarantee, buy a toaster.
Clint Eastwood	You should never give up your inner self.
Clint Eastwood	There's a rebel lying deep in my soul.
Clint Eastwood	What you put into life is what you get out of it.
Clint Eastwood	Fate pulls you in different directions.
Clint Eastwood	I tried being reasonable, I didn't like it.
Clive James	Fiction is life with the dull bits left out.
Coco Chanel	A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous.
Coco Chanel	Fashion fades, only style remains the same.
Coco Chanel	A women who doesn't wear perfume has no future.
Coco Chanel	Elegance is refusal.
Coco Chanel	Elegance does not consist in putting on a new dress.
Colin Baker	I like challenges that test your ingenuity.
Colin Baker	Actors love to act all those death scenes.
Colin Baker	I hope I'm always convincing when I act!
Colin Baker	I loathe cheese, it makes me ill.
Colin Baker	I take every job on its merits.
Colin Baker	I've mellowed quite quickly.
Colin Farrell	I'm just a true Irish boy at heart.
Colin Powell	Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier.
Colin Powell	Get mad, then get over it.
Colin Powell	Experts often possess more data than judgment.
Colin Powell	Giving back involves a certain amount of giving up.
Colley Cibber	Stolen sweets are best.
Comte de Buffon	The style is the man himself.
Confucius	Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
Confucius	Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
Confucius	Silence is a true friend who never betrays.
Confucius	When anger rises, think of the consequences.
Confucius	You cannot open a book without learning something.
Confucius	Better a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without.
Confucius	The superior man is distressed by his want of ability.
Confucius	Have no friends not equal to yourself.
Conrad Hall	There is a kind of beauty in imperfection.
Conrad Hall	Photography is a very important part of my life.
Conrad Hall	Contrast is what makes photography interesting.
Conrad Hall	I realize that every picture isn't a work of art.
Conrad Hall	In aptitude tests, I scored highest in music.
Conrad Hall	But at heart, I am more than a cinematographer.
Conrad Hall	My first semester, I got a D in creative writing.
Constance Jablonski	I actually wanted to be a tennis player.
Constance Jablonski	I eat healthy, and I eat a lot.
Constantin Brancusi	Architecture is inhabited sculpture.
Corey Feldman	I have led a pretty colorful life.
Corey Feldman	Self-realization is great.
Corey Feldman	I literally was famous before I knew my own name.
Corey Feldman	I'm more than an actor. I'm an icon, an industry.
Corey Feldman	I don't want to be lumped into any categories.
Corey Feldman	I'm a bit of a hippie.
Corey Haim	I absolutely did date Victoria Beckham, yes.
Corey Haim	I want to direct. Definitely a goal of mine.
Creighton Abrams	It is never very crowded at the front.
D.H. Lawrence	I never saw a wild thing Sorry for itself.
DMX	I'm a blessing to whoever gets to really know me.
DMX	I'm not going to disrespect you, don't disrespect me.
DMX	Somebody's upset with every movie.
DMX	I don't walk around big headed. I'm not a superstar.
DMX	I don't like anything about Drake.
DMX	I been the same dude my whole life.
DMX	I'm used to driving fast; I'm a New Yorker.
Daisaku Ikeda	With love and patience, nothing is impossible.
Daisaku Ikeda	No one is born hating others.
Daisaku Ikeda	The gratification of desire is not happiness.
Dalai Lama	Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
Dalai Lama	Sleep is the best meditation.
Dalai Lama	The purpose of our lives is to be happy.
Dalai Lama	My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness.
Dale Earnhardt	You win some, lose some, and wreck some.
Dale Earnhardt	Second place is just the first place loser.
Dale Earnhardt	Growing up, I've enjoyed hunting with my father.
Dale Earnhardt	I want to be up front racing.
Dale Earnhardt	I've got to win every race.
Dale Earnhardt	I enjoy Saturday night racing.
Dan Abrams	They can say I have an opinion about something.
Dan Cook	The opera ain't over 'til the fat lady sings.
Dan Gable	Once you've wrestled, everything else in life is easy.
Dan Gable	I shoot, I score. He shoots, I score.
Dan Gable	There's nothing like success.
Dan Gable	I've been a fanatic about working out all my life.
Daniel Inouye	Americanism is not a matter of skin or color.
Dante	Abandon all hope, ye who enter here!
Dante Alighieri	Beauty awakens the soul to act.
Dante Alighieri	The secret of getting things done is to act!
Dante Alighieri	From a little spark may burst a flame.
Dante Alighieri	A mighty flame followeth a tiny spark.
Dante Alighieri	All hope abandon, ye who enter here!
Dante Alighieri	I wept not, so to stone within I grew.
Dante Alighieri	Follow your own star!
Dante Alighieri	Nature is the art of God.
Dante Alighieri	Will cannot be quenched against its will.
Dante Alighieri	No one thinks of how much blood it costs.
Dante Hall	Anything that is unexpected is the X-factor.
Dante Hall	Every time I fumble or drop a ball I am embarrassed.
Dante Hall	I love all sports.
Dante Hall	I love to play pool.
Dante Hall	Sports are not for everyone.
Darrell Hammond	College kids, don't be taking examples from me.
Darrell Hammond	Doctors didn't know what to do with me.
Darrell Hammond	I belong to the Democratic Party.
Darrell Hammond	I don't know if I want to be a big star though.
Darrell Hammond	I had a dad you know.
Darrell Hammond	I've seen the hell these people go through.
Darrell Issa	I've said my patience is not infinite.
Darrell Issa	Politics is cyclical.
Darrell Issa	Everyone has a past.
Darrell Issa	I was brought up in a household with sir and ma'am.
Daryl Gates	Casual drug users should be taken out and shot.
Daryl Hall	Reject what you don't want. Get rid of dead wood.
Dashiell Hammett	The roof might fall in; anything could happen.
Dashiell Hammett	I like women. I really like women.
Dashiell Hammett	I have not killed anyone. They will not let me.
Dashiell Hammett	Another man whose social life has ruined him.
Dashiell Hammett	It's awfully easy to be in love in jail.
Dashiell Hammett	Looks like she's been slapping the kid again.
Dave Attell	I don't watch reality TV.
Dave Attell	I have no grand scheme.
Dave Attell	Being on the road is kind of lonely.
Dave Attell	I never wanted to be famous.
Dave Attell	I don't watch reality TV. I'm cool.
Dave Attell	I have soundtracks for a lot of stuff.
David Agus	Keep the soil healthy and the bad seed won't grow.
David Bailey	If you're curious, London's an amazing place.
David Bailey	The skull is nature's sculpture.
David Bailey	I always go for simplicity.
David Bailey	Girls are more attractive to me than dresses.
David Bailey	I hate being so nostalgic about the Sixties.
David Baldacci	I'm a wicked ping-pong player.
David Campbell	Discipline is remembering what you want.
David Campbell	It has a really timeless feel.
David Eagleman	There are always wonderful mysteries to confront.
David Eagleman	I always bounce my legs when I'm sitting.
David Edwards	I drive every day. I like to gamble.
David Edwards	I knew BB King when he first started out.
David Edwards	I left home when I was 17 with Joe Williams.
David Edwards	When I was young, I was everywhere.
David Gallagher	Bad guys have more fun.
David Gallagher	Dancing is kind of my thing.
David Garrick	Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves.
David Garrick	The boughs that bear most hang lowest.
David Garrick	Wonders will never cease.
David Hackworth	War is the ultimate reality-based horror show.
David Hockney	Enjoyment of the landscape is a thrill.
David Hockney	You must plan to be spontaneous.
David Hockney	I'm fed up with being bossed around.
David Hockney	There are enough no smoking places now.
David Hockney	Anything simple always interests me.
David Hockney	Laugh a lot. It clears the lungs.
David Hume	Avarice, the spur of industry.
David Icke	A gift of truth is the gift of love.
David Icke	God save us from religion.
David Irving	History is like a constantly changing tree.
David Irving	I have no academic qualifications whatsoever.
David Ives	I admire pop songs that are perfect at three minutes.
David Lynch	Negativity is the enemy of creativity.
David Lynch	This whole world is wild at heart and weird on top.
David Lynch	Cinema is a medium that can translate ideas.
David Lynch	My cow is not pretty, but it is pretty to me.
Dean Acheson	It is worse than immoral, it's a mistake.
Dean Cain	It was easy to be the bad guy throughout.
Dean Inge	What is originality? Undetected plagiarism.
Deb Caletti	I've never met a popcorn ball I didn't like.
Deb Caletti	I long for books; I am utterly greedy about them.
Debby Ryan	I'm different, and I'm not afraid to be different.
Debby Ryan	Have an anchor so that life doesn't toss you around.
Debby Ryan	You can't force music; It just has to come to you.
Debby Ryan	I'm very practical and realistic.
Debby Ryan	Don't be afraid of your own power.
Demi Lovato	Rocker dudes don't have a lot of swagger.
Demi Lovato	I want to be fearless.
Democritus	By desiring little, a poor man makes himself rich.
Democritus	Hope of ill gain is the beginning of loss.
Democritus	Men should strive to think much and know little.
Denis Diderot	The first step towards philosophy is incredulity.
Dennis Eckersley	I also think that I had great mechanics.
Dennis Farina	I love England and the historical aspect of it.
Dennis Farina	The cast was huge, but I never saw anybody.
Derek Bailey	For me, playing is about playing with other people.
Derek Bailey	I am reactive.
Derek Bailey	I don't research anything.
Derek Bailey	Nowadays, I really like playing in studios.
Desiderius Erasmus	Your library is your paradise.
Desiderius Erasmus	Prevention is better than cure.
Desiderius Erasmus	He who allows oppression shares the crime.
Desiderius Erasmus	Man is to man either a god or a wolf.
Desiderius Erasmus	To know nothing is the happiest life.
Desiderius Erasmus	No one respects a talent that is concealed.
Desiderius Erasmus	Fortune favors the audacious.
Desiderius Erasmus	Humility is truth.
Desiderius Erasmus	Time takes away the grief of men.
Desmond Tutu	Without forgiveness, there's no future.
Desmond Tutu	I wish I could shut up, but I can't, and I won't.
Destouches	The absent are always in the wrong.
Diane Abbott	Tackling childhood obesity is key.
Diane Abbott	I want to write a best-selling book.
Diane Abbott	I wanted my marriage to work, but it didn't.
Diane Abbott	It's very lonely bringing up a child on your own.
Diane Abbott	My family were from Jamaica.
Diane Abbott	You learn from mistakes.
Diane Ackerman	Touch seems to be as essential as sunlight.
Diane Ackerman	I don't want to be a passenger in my own life.
Diane Mott Davidson	Writing is work and cooking is relaxing.
Diane Mott Davidson	I like cream cheese in just about anything.
Dianne Feinstein	Survival is nothing more than recovery.
Dick Dale	Every song is like a painting.
Dick Dale	I've got holes in my guitar.
Dick Dale	I always felt people should live with animals.
Dick Dale	I became stereotyped.
Dick Ebersol	I will never be cynical again about people.
Dick Ebersol	I was never really a big presence in the home.
Dimebag Darrell	Every song is different.
Dinesh D'Souza	I love America, but I chose America.
Dolly Parton	Storms make trees take deeper roots.
Don Adams	Sometimes I wonder how I got into comedy at all.
Don Imus	I'm in a unique position - I can do what I want.
Donald Fagen	When you get a groove going, time flies.
Donald Fagen	We're not getting any younger.
Donald Trump	You have to think anyway, so why not think big?
Donald Trump	The first thing the secretary types is the boss.
Donald Trump	It's always good to be underestimated.
Donald Trump	Everything in life is luck.
Donna Edwards	No day is alike, nor should it be.
Donovan Bailey	Always educate yourself.
Donovan Bailey	I'm a competitor.
Dorothy Dandridge	I can't play a slave.
Dorothy Dandridge	If I were white, I could capture the world.
Dorothy Parker	Brevity is the soul of lingerie.
Dorothy Parker	Men seldom make passes At girls who wear glasses.
Dorothy Parker	Sorrow is tranquillity remembered in emotion.
Douglas Adams	Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so.
Douglas Adams	You live and learn. At any rate, you live.
Douglas Feith	Europe is a collection of free countries.
Douglas Feith	I think the disarmament of Iraq is inevitable.
Douglas Feith	I'm concerned about getting Iraq on its feet.
Douglas Feith	No, the United States does not target civilians.
Douglas MacArthur	There is no substitute for victory.
Douglas MacArthur	Life is a lively process of becoming.
Douglas MacArthur	You are remembered for the rules you break.
Douglas MacArthur	Old soldiers never die; they just fade away.
Douglas MacArthur	Americans never quit.
Dr. Seuss	Adults are just outdated children.
Dr. Seuss	A person's a person, no matter how small.
Dr. Seuss	You're in pretty good shape for the shape you are in.
Dr. Seuss	I meant what I said and I said what I meant.
Dr. Seuss	Only you can control your future.
Dr. Seuss	Adults are obsolete children.
Dr. Seuss	I like nonsense; it wakes up the brain cells.
Drew Gilpin Faust	Mortality defines the human condition.
Dusty Baker	I'm not a guy that sits around and does nothing.
Dusty Baker	I love the game of baseball.
Dusty Baker	I have a lot of interests.
Dwight D. Eisenhower	Plans are nothing; planning is everything.
Dwight L. Moody	Character is what a man is in the dark.
Dwight L. Moody	No man can resolve himself into Heaven.
Dyan Cannon	God uses whoever he wants.
Dylan Baker	I loved 'The Pitts.' I just loved it.
E. B. White	Writing is an act of faith, not a trick of grammar.
E. B. White	Be obscure clearly.
E. B. White	Writing is hard work and bad for the health.
E. E. Cummings	The world is mud-luscious and puddle-wonderful.
E. E. Cummings	Kisses are a better fate than wisdom.
E. E. Cummings	Unbeing dead isn't being alive.
E. E. Cummings	I imagine that yes is the only living thing.
E. E. Cummings	Nothing recedes like progress.
E. E. Cummings	It takes three to make a child.
E. L. James	God forbid that women have fantasies.
E. L. James	I think women love a passionate love story.
E. L. James	I'm not a great writer.
E. L. James	I really like clever men who challenge you.
E. L. James	I came up with a story and I wrote it.
E. L. James	I hate having my photograph taken.
E. L. James	I see myself as a story teller.
E. L. James	I think women love to read love stories.
E. L. James	I'm a bit of a control freak.
E. L. James	Write for yourself. That's it. And write every day.
E. M. Forster	Unless we remember we cannot understand.
E. M. Forster	Nonsense and beauty have close connections.
E. M. Forster	We cast a shadow on something wherever we stand.
E. M. Forster	Ideas are fatal to caste.
E.M. Forster	The so-called white races are really pinko-grey.
E.V. Lucas	There can be no defense like elaborate courtesy.
Earl Campbell	I did some good things as a rookie.
Earl Nightingale	Excellence always sells.
Eazy-E	If you want to get your point across, you gotta cuss.
Ebenezer Elliott	Facts are stubborn things.
Ed Balls	For the first time I'm free to be myself.
Eddie Campbell	I don't want to write, I'd rather draw.
Eddie Cantor	It takes 20 years to make an overnight success.
Eddie Izzard	Never put a sock in a toaster.
Eddie Izzard	I grew up in Europe, where the history comes from.
Eddie Izzard	I'm a one-man idiot.
Eddie Izzard	I wanna live 'til I die, no more, no less.
Eddie Van Halen	I have selective hearing.
Edgar Allan Poe	We loved with a love that was more than love.
Edgar Allan Poe	I wish I could write as mysterious as a cat.
Edgar Allan Poe	Stupidity is a talent for misconception.
Edi Gathegi	Villains are fun to play.
Edi Gathegi	I have died in enough TV and films.
Edie Adams	You aren't going to leave me alone are you?
Edie Falco	I love being able to take a nap in the afternoon.
Edith Hamilton	The fullness of life is in the hazards of life.
Edith Wharton	Silence may be as variously shaded as speech.
Edmond About	I fight fairly, and in good faith.
Edmond Halley	Nearer the gods no mortal may approach.
Edmund Burke	Good order is the foundation of all things.
Edmund Burke	Superstition is the religion of feeble minds.
Edmund Burke	Slavery is a weed that grows on every soil.
Edmund Burke	Our patience will achieve more than our force.
Edmund Burke	Beauty is the promise of happiness.
Edmund Burke	Custom reconciles us to everything.
Edmund Burke	Dangers by being despised grow great.
Edmund Burke	Public calamity is a mighty leveller.
Edmund Burke	Early and provident fear is the mother of safety.
Edmund Burke	The march of the human mind is slow.
Edmund Burke	Good order is the foundation of all good things.
Edmund Burke	You can never plan the future by the past.
Edmund Burke	Toleration is good for all, or it is good for none.
Edna Ferber	Christmas isn't a season. It's a feeling.
Edna Ferber	A closed mind is a dying mind.
Eduardo Galeano	The walls are the publishers of the poor.
Edward Abbey	If the end does not justify the means - what can?
Edward Abbey	Grown men do not need leaders.
Edward Abbey	A drink a day keeps the shrink away.
Edward Coke	A man's house is his castle.
Edward Dahlberg	To write is a humiliation.
Edward Dahlberg	A strong foe is better than a weak friend.
Edward Dahlberg	It takes a long time to understand nothing.
Edward Dahlberg	Every decision you make is a mistake.
Edward Dahlberg	The bad poet is a toady mimicking nature.
Edward Elgar	English music is white - it evades everything.
Edward Everett Hale	War - hard apprenticeship of freedom.
Edward Gibbon	Revenge is profitable, gratitude is expensive.
Edward Hall	I hate getting bored.
Edward Hall	I'd love to do some new plays.
Edward T. Hall	Age affects how people experience time.
Edward Thomas	The past is the only dead thing that smells sweet.
Edward Young	By night an atheist half believes a God.
Edward Young	All men think all men mortal, but themselves.
Edward Young	Procrastination is the thief of time.
Edwin Edwards	I never speak ill of dead people or live judges.
Eileen Caddy	Let there be more joy and laughter in your living.
Eileen Davidson	You never know about life.
Elbert Hubbard	Responsibility is the price of freedom.
Elbert Hubbard	Art is not a thing; it is a way.
Elbert Hubbard	We work to become, not to acquire.
Elbert Hubbard	The Great Man is a man who lives a long way off.
Elbert Hubbard	Life is just one damned thing after another.
Eleanor Roosevelt	Happiness is not a goal; it is a by-product.
Elias Canetti	He who is obsessed by death is made guilty by it.
Elisabetta Canalis	I love variety in my life.
Elisabetta Canalis	I'm looking for men who can give me security.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning	My sun sets to raise again.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning	Who so loves believes the impossible.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning	Light tomorrow with today!
Elizabeth Bowen	Fate is not an eagle, it creeps like a rat.
Elizabeth Daily	I am single and happy.
Elizabeth David	Everyday holds the possibility of a miracle.
Elizabeth Edwards	I want to reclaim who I am.
Elizabeth I	A clear and innocent conscience fears nothing.
Elizabeth I	The past cannot be cured.
Elizabeth I	God forgive you, but I never can.
Elizabeth I	All my possessions for a moment of time.
Elizabeth I	A fool too late bewares when all the peril is past.
Elizabeth I	Those who appear the most sanctified are the worst.
Elizabeth I	If thy heart fails thee, climb not at all.
Elizabeth I	He who placed me in this seat will keep me here.
Elizabeth I	Anger makes dull men witty, but it keeps them poor.
Elizabeth Taylor	I fell off my pink cloud with a thud.
Elizabeth Taylor	It's not the having, it's the getting.
Elizabeth Taylor	Big girls need big diamonds.
Elizabeth Taylor	Success is a great deodorant.
Elizabeth Taylor	I have a woman's body and a child's emotions.
Elizabeth Taylor	I don't pretend to be an ordinary housewife.
Ella Baker	Give light and people will find the way.
Ella Baker	Strong people don't need strong leaders.
Elle Fanning	I'm a normal kid, really. I just love to act.
Elle Fanning	I can't really remember my life without movies.
Elle Fanning	Dakota Fanning is my favorite actress.
Emily Bronte	Proud people breed sad sorrows for themselves.
Emily Bronte	Honest people don't hide their deeds.
Emily Bronte	Terror made me cruel.
Emily Dickinson	I dwell in possibility.
Emily Dickinson	Saying nothing... sometimes says the most.
Emily Dickinson	Beauty is not caused. It is.
Emily Dickinson	The brain is wider than the sky.
Emily Dickinson	My friends are my estate.
Emily Dickinson	Morning without you is a dwindled dawn.
Emily Dickinson	Where thou art, that is home.
Emily Dickinson	A wounded deer leaps the highest.
Emily Dickinson	For love is immortality.
Eminem	A lot of truth is said in jest.
Eminem	I was a smart kid, but I hated school.
Emmanuel Jal	There's no pride in having been a child soldier.
Emmanuel Jal	Violence in Darfur is cataclysmic.
Emmanuel Jal	Education is the only solution for peace.
Enid Bagnold	Judges don't age; time decorates them.
Enrico Fermi	Ignorance is never better than knowledge.
Enrique Iglesias	I always respect a woman.
Enrique Iglesias	I'm a good person, but with many defects.
Enrique Iglesias	Love is one of my main inspirations.
Enrique Iglesias	I really want to fall in love.
Enrique Iglesias	Yes, I have made a woman cry.
Enzo Ferrari	If you can dream it, you can do it.
Enzo Ferrari	I believe most things can be said in a few lines.
Enzo Ferrari	I build engines and attach wheels to them.
Enzo Ferrari	The era of gentleman racing drivers is ended.
Enzo Ferrari	The client is not always right.
Enzo Ferrari	Racing amuses me.
Epictetus	Only the educated are free.
Epictetus	If you wish to be a writer, write.
Epictetus	It is difficulties that show what men are.
Erasmus Darwin	And hail their queen, fair regent of the night.
Eric Bana	My chosen exercise is cycling. I just love it.
Eric Bana	I would never say never to returning to comedy.
Eric Bana	I've always been a bit of a car freak.
Eric Cantona	I found leaving Manchester United very, very hard.
Eric Cantona	Even as a footballer, I was always being creative.
Eric Cantona	I didn't study; I live.
Eric Dane	My skin is very sensitive.
Eric Dane	I'm out of bed before the alarm goes off.
Eric Fellner	I'm a blind optimist when going into things.
Eric Fellner	Making movies is like herding cats.
Eric Fellner	'No Country for Old Men' was epic.
Eric Fellner	The writer Richard Curtis is a genius.
Eric Hoffer	To have a grievance is to have a purpose in life.
Eric Idle	You look just like you!
Erica Jong	Jealousy is all the fun you think they had …
Erich Fromm	Not he who has much is rich, but he who gives much.
Erich Fromm	Men are born equal but they are also born different.
Erma Bombeck	Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
Erma Bombeck	When humor goes, there goes civilization.
Erma Bombeck	Guilt: the gift that keeps on giving.
Erma Bombeck	Children make your life important.
Ernest Gaines	The mark of fear is not easily removed.
Ernest Gaines	I write with as much objectivity as I can.
Ernest Hemingway	Courage is grace under pressure.
Ernest Hemingway	Never mistake motion for action.
Ernest Hemingway	Never go on trips with anyone you do not love.
Ernest Hemingway	All things truly wicked start from innocence.
Ernest Hemingway	There is no friend as loyal as a book.
Ernest Hemingway	[by “guts” I mean] grace under pressure.
Ernest Hemingway	But did thee feel the earth move?
Ernie Isley	Playing guitar is not a beauty contest.
Ernie Isley	Don't believe everything you hear on the street.
Ernst Haeckel	Politics is applied biology.
Erykah Badu	I planned my success. I knew it was going to happen.
Erykah Badu	Honey isn't really that good for you.
Erykah Badu	I try to be honest and I keep moving.
Etta James	It feels so good to be happy.
Etta James	I'm not a bourgeois person, never will be.
Etta James	But even so, I still get nervous before I go onstage.
Etta James	I like to shop, but I don't like to go out to dances.
Etta James	Country music has the great stories.
Eugene Ionesco	We have not the time to take our time.
Eugene Ionesco	Living is abnormal.
Eugene Ionesco	A nose that can see is worth two that sniff.
Eugene Ionesco	I've always been suspicious of collective truths.
Eugene Ionesco	A man with a soul is not like every other man.
Eugene Ionesco	The critic should describe, and not prescribe.
Eugene Ionesco	A civil servant doesn't make jokes.
Eugene O'Neill	The sea hates a coward.
Eugenio Montale	Holidays Have no pity.
Eugène Ionesco	A civil servant doesn't make jokes.
Euripides	One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives.
Euripides	The greatest pleasure of life is love.
Euripides	Much effort, much prosperity.
Euripides	Question everything. Learn something. Answer nothing.
Euripides	Life has no blessing like a prudent friend.
Euripides	Silence is true wisdom's best reply.
Euripides	He is not a lover who does not love forever.
Euripides	Cleverness is not wisdom.
Euripides	Forgive, son; men are men; they needs must err.
Euripides	Leave no stone unturned.
Euripides	There is just one life for each of us: our own.
Euripides	The bold are helpless without cleverness.
Euripides	Slight not what's near through aiming at what's far.
Euripides	Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom.
Eva Gabor	Love is a game that two can play and both win.
Eva Gabor	The only thing you have to know are your words.
Eva Gabor	I love the fast lane.
Eva Gabor	My co-workers expect me to be late and temperamental.
Eva Gabor	Most people don't need to work as hard as I do.
Eva Gabrielsson	Marriage is not common in Sweden.
Evan Dando	I have to make rock records occasionally.
Evan Dando	I was hanging out with Jonathan Richman last night.
Evan Dando	The best songs I write in 20 minutes.
Evelyn Waugh	Punctuality is the virtue of the bored.
Ewan McGregor	I'm fiercely proud to be Scottish.
Ewan McGregor	I love skiing, scuba diving and hang-gliding.
Ewan McGregor	Conservative's the last thing I am.
Ezra Pound	Literature is news that stays news.
F. Murray Abraham	I love parties. I love a good time.
F. Murray Abraham	I acted my heart out.
F. Murray Abraham	I'm a very proud actor.
F. Murray Abraham	The difficulty is capturing surprise on film.
F. Scott Fitzgerald	Show me a hero and I'll write you a tragedy.
F. Scott Fitzgerald	Forgotten is forgiven.
Fairuza Balk	My family is basically Gypsies - for real.
Faith Baldwin	Time is a dressmaker specializing in alterations.
Fannie Lou Hamer	I am sick and tired of being sick and tired.
Fannie Lou Hamer	Nobody's free until everybody's free.
Farrah Fawcett	When you do bad things, bad things happen to you.
Farrah Fawcett	I became famous almost before I had a craft.
Farrah Fawcett	To be rude to someone is not my nature.
Fawn Hall	I wasn't interested in exploiting myself.
Fawn Hall	We shred every day.
Federico Fellini	You exist only in what you do.
Federico Fellini	Fate is written in the face.
Feist	I live and die by puns.
Felix Adler	Simplicity should not be identified with bareness.
Felix Adler	We measure our enjoyments by the sum expended.
Felix Feneon	I aspire only to silence.
Fergie	You'd be surprised how addicting high self-esteem is.
Ferran Adria	I don't worry about the things I can't change.
Ferran Adria	Innovation, being avant garde, is always polemic.
Ferran Adria	Just to eat is a gift.
Francis Bacon	Knowledge is power.
Francis Bacon	Silence is the sleep that nourishes wisdom.
Francis Bacon	Hope is a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper.
Francis Bacon	It is impossible to love and to be wise.
Francis Bacon	Friends are thieves of time.
Francis Bacon	All rising to great place is by a winding stair.
Francis Bacon	For knowledge, too, is itself power.
Francis Bacon	Money is like muck, not good except it be spread.
Francis Bacon	Nature, to be commanded, must be obeyed.
Francis Bacon	Virtue is like a rich stone, best plain set.
Francis Edward Smedley	All's fair in love and war.
Francis Quarles	My mind's my kingdom.
Francis Quarles	Be wisely worldly, but not worldly wise.
Francis Quarles	He that hath no cross deserves no crown.
Francis Quarles	The road to perseverance lies by doubt.
Francis Quarles	Heaven finds an ear when sinners find a tongue.
Francis Quarles	No cross no crown.
Francis Quarles	Wickedness is its own punishment.
Francis Quarles	Wisdom not only gets, but once got, retains.
Francis Quarles	Be wisely worldly, be not worldly wise.
Francis of Assisi	For it is in giving that we receive.
Francis of Assisi	Where there is injury let me sow pardon.
Francis of Assisi	It is in pardoning that we are pardoned.
Francois Fenelon	Little opportunities should be improved.
Francois Jacob	I had turned my anxiety into my profession.
Francois Jacob	Evolution is a tinkerer.
Frank Capra	Don't follow trends, start trends.
Frank Capra	A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something.
Frank Capra	If you want to send a message, try Western Union.
Frank Capra	Compassion is a two way street.
Frank Dane	Life is strange. Every so often a good man wins.
Frank Dane	The way to a woman's heart is through your wallet.
Frank Dane	Rome had Senators too, that's why it declined.
Frank Dane	Some have greatness thrust upon them, but not lately.
Frank Darabont	I am fascinated with times past.
Frank Iero	If you don't listen, you're never gonna learn.
Frank James	I was tired of an outlaw's life.
Frank James	It was one long, anxious, inexorable, eternal vigil.
Frank Lloyd Wright	Freedom is from within.
Frank Lloyd Wright	I believe in God, only I spell it Nature.
Frank Lloyd Wright	TV is chewing gum for the eyes.
Frank Lloyd Wright	Less is only more where more is no good.
Frank Sinatra	The best revenge is massive success.
Frank Sinatra	Cock your hat - angles are attitudes.
Frank Sinatra	I'm gonna live till I die.
Frank Sinatra	I'm for whatever gets you through the night.
Frank Sinatra	Dare to wear the foolish clown face.
Frank Sinatra	I am a thing of beauty.
Frank Sinatra	Don't get even, get mad.
Frank Zappa	Without deviation progress is not possible.
Frank Zappa	Politics is the entertainment branch of industry.
Frank Zappa	Music is always a commentary on society.
Franklin P. Jones	Sex is a two-way treat.
Franklin P. Jones	Scratch a dog and you'll find a permanent job.
Franklin Pierce Adams	Too much truth is uncouth.
Frantz Fanon	He who is reluctant to recognize me opposes me.
Frantz Fanon	Fervor is the weapon of choice of the impotent.
Frantz Fanon	Violence is man re-creating himself.
Franz Kafka	The Bible is a sanctum; the world, sputum.
Franz Kafka	It is often safer to be in chains than to be free.
Franz Kafka	Writers speak stench.
Franz Kafka	It's often safer to be in chains than to be free.
François Rabelais	I am going to seek a great perhaps.
François Rabelais	Nature abhors a vacuum.
François Villon	But where are the snows of yesteryear?
Fred Hammond	No weapon formed against me shall prosper.
Freddy Adu	I couldn't ask for a better life.
Freddy Adu	I mean, I couldn't ask for a better life, man.
Freddy Adu	Nothing has been given to me.
Freddy Fender	I was dreaming I was on the Sullivan Show.
Frederick Douglass	Without a struggle, there can be no progress.
Frederick Douglass	One and God make a majority.
Frederick William Faber	They always win who side with God.
Frederik, Crown Prince of Denmark	I am just an apprentice.
Freema Agyeman	The way sci-fi works, you can never die.
Freema Agyeman	My own style is one of not much effort.
Freema Agyeman	Being short works for me.
Freema Agyeman	I appreciate individualism.
Freema Agyeman	I only unwind at facials and massages.
Freema Agyeman	I'm not very glamorous.
Friedrich Ebert	Freedom and Justice are twin sisters.
Friedrich Nietzsche	Without music, life would be a mistake.
Friedrich Nietzsche	Success has always been the worst of liars.
Friedrich von Schlegel	A historian is a prophet in reverse.
Fyodor Dostoevsky	To live without Hope is to Cease to live.
Fyodor Dostoevsky	If there is no God, everything is permitted.
Fyodor Dostoevsky	The soul is healed by being with children.
G. Stanley Hall	Being an only child is a disease in itself.
Gabriel Iglesias	I was not the popular kid in school.
Gabriel Meurier	He who excuses himself accuses himself.
Gaby Hoffmann	I curate my T.V.-watching quite carefully.
Gal Gadot	I represent the 'Wonder Woman' of the new world.
Galileo Galilei	And yet it moves.
Galileo Galilei	Where the senses fail us, reason must step in.
Gallagher	People don't know how to behave in public anymore.
Gallagher	I know what people laugh at. I know their vocabulary.
Garet Garrett	Business is in itself a power.
Garet Garrett	You do not defend a world that is already lost.
Gareth Bale	The most important thing is to not waste your money.
Gareth Bale	I think La Liga is the best league in the world.
Gareth Bale	I'm a proud Welshman.
Gareth Gates	I like to have quiet evenings and relax.
Garik Israelian	It's not very fun to do spectroscopy.
Gary Ackerman	Patriots don't let their nation default.
Gary Ackerman	I am always fascinated by India.
Gaston Bachelard	Man is an imagining being.
Gaston Bachelard	The words of the world want to make sentences.
Gene Hackman	I do not like assassins, or men of low character.
Gene Hackman	I don't see myself as a violent guy.
Gene Hackman	I don't like to talk about myself that much.
Gene Hackman	I'm not a sentimental guy.
Georg Cantor	The essence of mathematics lies in its freedom.
George Ade	One man's poison ivy is another man's spinach.
George Ade	Nothing is improbable until it moves into past tense.
George Ade	She was short on intellect, but long on shape.
George Ade	For parlor use, the vague generality is a life saver.
George Ade	A good jolly is worth what you pay for it.
George Balanchine	One is born to be a great dancer.
George Ball	Nostalgia is a seductive liar.
George Bancroft	The public is wiser than the wisest critic.
George Bancroft	Avarice is the vice of declining years.
George Bernard Shaw	A happy family is but an earlier heaven.
George Bernard Shaw	He who can, does. He who cannot, teaches.
George Burns	When I was a boy the Dead Sea was only sick.
George Burns	At my age flowers scare me.
George Burns	Be quick to learn and wise to know.
George Burns	I spent a year in that town, one Sunday.
George Canning	Here's to the pilot that weathered the storm.
George Canning	Indecision and delays are the parents of failure.
George Carlin	Weather forecast for tonight: dark.
George Carlin	Electricity is really just organized lightning.
George Chapman	Keep thy shop, and thy shop will keep thee.
George Chapman	They're only truly great who are truly good.
George Eads	I've been trying to pick up painting but it's hard.
George Eads	I work so hard for the fans who watch our show.
George Eads	I love what I do and I love the fans.
George Eads	We give each other a hard time, but no pranks.
George Eastman	You push the button, we do the rest.
George Eliot	Adventure is not outside man; it is within.
George Eliot	What loneliness is more lonely than distrust?
George Eliot	Consequences are unpitying.
George Eliot	Nothing is so good as it seems beforehand.
George Eliot	One must be poor to know the luxury of giving.
George Farquhar	Those who know the least obey the best.
George Farquhar	Necessity, the mother of invention.
George Farquhar	Money is the sinews of love, as of war.
George Farquhar	Poetry is a mere drug, Sir.
George Farquhar	We love the precepts for the teacher's sake.
George Farquhar	Crimes, like virtues, are their own rewards.
George Farquhar	Spare all I have, and take my life.
George Galloway	The big tyrants never face justice.
George Galloway	Anyone will say anything under torture.
George Galloway	It is only losers that are prosecuted.
George Galloway	George Bush doesn't represent any civilization!
George Halas	Nobody who ever gave his best regretted it.
George Halas	You can achieve only that which you will do.
George Halas	When they boo you, you know they mean you.
George Hamilton	A lot of actors flame out.
George Hamilton	I'm kind of like a relic from another era.
George Herbert	Skill and confidence are an unconquered army.
George Herbert	None is a fool always, everyone sometimes.
George Herbert	When a friend asks there is no tomorrow.
George Herbert	Hell is full of good meanings and wishings.
George Herbert	Hope is the poor man's bread.
George Herbert	Love and a cough cannot be hid.
George Herbert	Love your neighbor, yet pull not down your hedge.
George Herbert	Living well is the best revenge.
George Jean Nathan	I drink to make other people interesting.
George Jean Nathan	Beauty makes idiots sad and wise men merry.
George Jean Nathan	Love demands infinitely less than friendship.
George Mallory	Because it's there.
George Meredith	Cynicism is intellectual dandyism.
George Orwell	Happiness can exist only in acceptance.
George Orwell	At 50, everyone has the face he deserves.
George Orwell	BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING YOU.
George Orwell	The quickest way of ending a war is to lose it.
George Pierce Baker	The drama is a great revealer of life.
George S. Patton	A pint of sweat, saves a gallon of blood.
George S. Patton	Courage is fear holding on a minute longer.
George Sand	Admiration and familiarity are strangers.
George Sand	No human creature can give orders to love.
George Sand	Vanity is the quicksand of reason.
George Sand	Every historian discloses a new horizon.
George Santayana	The family is one of nature's masterpieces.
George Santayana	Only the dead have seen the end of the war.
George Santayana	Wisdom comes by disillusionment.
George Santayana	Sanity is madness put to good use.
George Santayana	The Bible is literature, not dogma.
George Washington	It is better to be alone than in bad company.
Georges Bernanos	Hell, madame, is to love no longer.
Georges Bernanos	Hope is a risk that must be run.
Georges Bernanos	The wish to pray is a prayer in itself.
Georges Braque	Truth exists, only falsehood has to be invented.
Georges Jacques Danton	Audacity, more audacity, always audacity.
Georgia Jagger	Reality TV rots people's brains.
Georgia Jagger	My dad has more sparkly stuff than most men.
Georgia Jagger	I'm quite dyslexic in school.
Georgia Jagger	My dad's not a very intimidating father figure.
Georgia Jagger	My dad's supportive of all my endeavors.
Georgia Jagger	My mum is actually really wholesome.
Georgia Jagger	My parents never really lecture me.
Georgia May Jagger	I model jeans. You need a bum for those.
Georgia May Jagger	I wear high heels for long legs.
Gerald Edelman	Consciousness allows you the capacity to plan.
Geraldine Ferraro	I do believe in the power of prayer.
Geraldine Ferraro	But I do think its necessary to have debates.
Geraldine Ferraro	President Reagan's one-liners were terrific.
Geri Halliwell	Being mean about other people isn't on my radar.
Geri Halliwell	I'd never choose to turn the clock back.
Gerry Adams	One man's transparency is another's humiliation.
Gertrude Stein	Rose is a rose is a rose is a rose.
Gilbert Parker	War is cruelty, and none can make it gentle.
Gilbert Parker	Memory is man's greatest friend and worst enemy.
Gilbert Parker	Tomorrow is no man's gift.
Gilbert Parker	Every shot that kills ricochets.
Gillian Jacobs	'Fresh Air' I listen to, like, every day.
Gillian Jacobs	I am not a big 'Hunger Games' fan.
Gina Carano	When I throw a punch, I mean it.
Gina Carano	I like fighting because it's honest.
Gina Carano	Everybody is their own critic.
Gina Carano	I am always training because I love it.
Ginger Baker	I'd rather play jazz, I hate rock and roll.
Ginger Baker	If I am playing any music at all it is jazz music.
Giovanni Falcone	He who doesn't fear death dies only once.
Glenda Jackson	You've got to sing like you don't need the money.
Glenda Jackson	I told them I wouldn't sign a blank cheque.
Glenn Danzig	I just told you I wasn't a Satanist.
Glenn Danzig	Wars have always started over religion.
Gloria Steinem	Now, we are becoming the men we wanted to marry.
Godfrey Gao	My childhood dream was to play basketball, actually.
Golda Meir	I must govern the clock, not be governed by it.
Golda Meir	Don't be humble... you're not that great.
Golda Meir	The dog that trots about finds a bone.
Goodman Ace	I keep reading between the lies.
Goodman Ace	Politics makes estranged bedfellows.
Goodman Ace	Moon rocks are OK when everyone is eating.
Goran Ivanisevic	There are not many Irish people playing tennis!
Grant Achatz	I always knew I wanted to be a chef.
Greg Egan	Fandom is about fandom, it's a great big social club.
Greg Egan	I've been taking longer to write stories lately.
Greg Iles	Some things we must pass over in silence.
Greta Garbo	I want to be alone.
Greta Garbo	There is no one who would have me - I can't cook.
Greta Garbo	I smoke all the time, one after the other.
Grey Damon	I don't really enjoy watching reality TV.
Groucho Marx	I intend to live forever, or die trying.
Groucho Marx	Alimony is like buying hay for a dead horse.
Groucho Marx	Quote me as saying I was mis-quoted.
Guillaume Canet	I spent all my youth with horses.
Guillermo Cabrera Infante	Puns are a form of humor with words.
Guillermo Cabrera Infante	I am a writer of fragments.
Guillermo Cabrera Infante	I don't have any style.
Gustave Flaubert	Love art. Of all lies, it is the least untrue.
Gwen Ifill	Hope springs eternal, even in politics.
Gwen Ifill	Can't disagree with the need for a grasp of history.
Gwyneth Paltrow	The simpler things are, the happier they are.
H. C. Bailey	Faith is a higher faculty than reason.
H. G. Wells	If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.
H. G. Wells	Beauty is in the heart of the beholder.
H. G. Wells	If we don't end war, war will end us.
H. G. Wells	Advertising is legalized lying.
H. G. Wells	Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo.
H. G. Wells	Our true nationality is mankind.
H. G. Wells	The crisis of today is the joke of tomorrow.
H. L. Mencken	Honor is simply the morality of superior men.
H.G. Wells	Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo.
Halston	You are only as good as the people you dress.
Hank Aaron	Failure is a part of success.
Hank Aaron	Didn't come up here to read. Came up here to hit.
Hank Ballard	I can't even picture being without rock 'n'roll.
Hannah Cowley	Vanity, like murder, will out.
Hans-Georg Gadamer	Nothing exists except through language.
Harold Hamm	President Obama is riding the wrong horse on energy.
Harriet Ann Jacobs	Death is better than slavery.
Harriet Tubman	Never wound a snake; kill it.
Harriet Tubman	You'll be free or die!
Harriet Tubman	I can't die but once.
Harry Caray	It might be, it could be... it is! A home run!
Harry Caray	Holy cow!
Harry Hamlin	I get interested in writers who are enigmatic.
Harry S Truman	You want a friend in Washington? Get a dog.
Harry S Truman	A President cannot always be popular.
Harry S Truman	If you can't convince them, confuse them.
Harry S Truman	The Buck Stops Here
Harvey Fierstein	Time will tell us what we did and didn't do.
Harvey Fierstein	To work all the time is to be incredibly lucky.
Harvey Fierstein	Political movements always belong to the young.
Hawa Abdi	Women can build stability. We can make peace.
Hayley Atwell	I'm deeply ambitious and I always have been.
Heavy D	I aim my music at the hip black hip-hop audience.
Hector Elizondo	Food is a passion. Food is love.
Hector Elizondo	You're at the top of your game if you do comedy.
Heinrich Heine	God will forgive me; it is his trade.
Heinrich Heine	Oh what lies there are in kisses!
Helen Gahagan	I never felt I left the stage.
Helen Garner	I like poking my nose into other people's lives.
Helen Garner	But there are some wounds that can never be healed.
Helen Garner	I think writers are very anxious.
Helen Hayes	Age is not important unless you're a cheese.
Helen Hayes	Childhood is a short season.
Helen Hayes	I cry out for order and find it only in art.
Helen Hayes	If you rest, you rust.
Helen Hayes	Legends die hard. They survive as truth rarely does.
Helen Hayes	Stardom can be a gilded slavery.
Helen Hunt Jackson	When Time is spent, Eternity begins.
Helen Hunt Jackson	Love has a tide!
Helen Hunt Jackson	Words are less needful to sorrow than to joy.
Helen Hunt Jackson	O month when they who love must love and wed.
Helen Keller	Life is either a great adventure or nothing.
Helen Keller	The highest result of education is tolerance.
Helge Ingstad	I came into the world at the right time.
Helmut Jahn	Every building is a prototype. No two are alike.
Helmut Jahn	For me, drawing generates thinking and vice versa.
Helmut Jahn	America has always imported history.
Helmut Jahn	For me, though, the fun is over when I get the job.
Henny Youngman	When God sneezed, I didn't know what to say.
Henny Youngman	The secret of a happy marriage remains a secret.
Henri Estienne	If youth knew; if age could.
Henrik Ibsen	A forest bird never wants a cage.
Henrik Ibsen	The devil is compromise.
Henrik Ibsen	Marriage! Nothing else demands so much of a man.
Henry A. Kissinger	Power is the great aphrodisiac.
Henry A. Kissinger	Diplomacy: the art of restraining power.
Henry A. Kissinger	Even a paranoid can have enemies.
Henry Adams	Friends are born, not made.
Henry Adams	A friend in power is a friend lost.
Henry Adams	All experience is an arch, to build upon.
Henry Adams	Chaos often breeds life, when order breeds habit.
Henry Adams	Practical politics consists in ignoring facts.
Henry Adams	Morality is a private and costly luxury.
Henry Clay	I would rather be right than be President.
Henry David Thoreau	Things do not change; we change.
Henry David Thoreau	Men have become the tools of their tools.
Henry David Thoreau	The bluebird carries the sky on his back.
Henry David Thoreau	The perception of beauty is a moral test.
Henry Fielding	Love and scandal are the best sweeteners of tea.
Henry Ford	Don't find fault, find a remedy.
Henry Ford	Quality means doing it right when no one is looking.
Henry George Bohn	He preacheth patience that never knew pain.
Henry Irving	Into thy hands, O Lord. Into thy hands.
Henry J. Kaiser	Problems are only opportunities in work clothes.
Henry James	Deep experience is never peaceful.
Henry James	However British you may be, I am more British still.
Henry Louis Gates	Diversity doesn't mean black and white only.
Henry M. Jackson	The best politics is no politics.
Henry Rollins	Pizza makes me think that anything is possible.
Henry Rollins	My optimism wears heavy boots and is loud.
Henry Rollins	My motto is, 'Never quit.'
Henry Rollins	Guns are part of the American identity.
Henry Rollins	In winter, I plot and plan. In spring, I move.
Henry Rollins	Life will not break your heart. It'll crush it.
Henry Van Dyke	Genius is talent set on fire by courage.
Henry Van Dyke	A friend is what the heart needs all the time.
Henry Van Dyke	Look around for a place to sow a few seeds.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow	Into each life some rain must fall.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow	Youth comes but once in a lifetime.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow	Resolve and thou art free.
Heraclitus	There is nothing permanent except change.
Heraclitus	The sun is new each day.
Heraclitus	Big results require big ambitions.
Heraclitus	Nothing endures but change.
Heraclitus	Much learning does not teach understanding.
Heraclitus	A man's character is his fate.
Heraclitus	Character is destiny.
Heraclitus	The way up and the way down are one and the same.
Heraclitus	Change alone is unchanging.
Heraclitus	You cannot step into the same river twice.
Heraclitus	All is flux, nothing stays still.
Herb Caen	Logic is no answer to passion.
Herb Caen	Philosophically, I don't like doing commercials.
Herman Cain	Stupid people are ruining America.
Herodotus	Men trust their ears less than their eyes.
Hiam Abbass	Simple things don't interest me.
Hiram Warren Johnson	The first casualty when war comes is truth.
Holbrook Jackson	Genius is initiative on fire.
Holbrook Jackson	Your library is your portrait.
Holbrook Jackson	No man is ever old enough to know better.
Holbrook Jackson	Intuition is reason in a hurry.
Holbrook Jackson	Suffer fools gladly; they may be right.
Holland Roden	Good skin is the best foundation for your makeup.
Holland Roden	One of my favorite movies is 'Back to the Future'.
Holland Roden	I'm a huge Michael J. Fox fan.
Homaro Cantu	I love a great conspiracy story. Who doesn't?
Homaro Cantu	A food's value is based on how good it tastes.
Home Run Baker	I hope I never do anything to hurt baseball.
Homer	A decent boldness ever meets with friends.
Homer	Too much rest becomes a pain.
Homer	There she encountered Sleep, the brother of Death.
Honore de Balzac	The more one judges, the less one loves.
Honore de Balzac	Love is the poetry of the senses.
Horace	A picture is a poem without words.
Horace	The pen is the tongue of the mind.
Horace	Life is largely a matter of expectation.
Horace	Fidelity is the sister of justice.
Horace	Adversity reveals genius, prosperity conceals it.
Horace	Wisdom is not wisdom when it is derived from books alone.
Horace	Anger is a short madness.
Horace	Life grants nothing to us mortals without hard work.
Horace	Whatever advice you give, be brief.
Horace	Anger is a brief madness.
Horace	I struggle to be brief, and I become obscure.
Horace	Sometimes even excellent Homer nods.
Horace	It is your concern when the wall next door is on fire.
Horace	Sweet and glorious it is to die for one's country.
Horace	You [the people] are a many-headed beast.
Horace	Seize the day, put no trust in the morrow.
Horace	The word once spoken flies beyond recall.
Horace	Force without judgment falls of its own weight.
Hosea Ballou	Disease is the retribution of outraged Nature.
Hosea Ballou	Falsehood is cowardice, the truth courage.
Hosea Ballou	Hatred is self-punishment.
Hosea Ballou	Everything in the world exists to end up in a book.
Hosea Ballou	Error is always more busy than truth.
Hosea Ballou	Never be so brief as to become obscure.
Howard Bach	When I'm on the court, I'm a follower.
Hubert H. Humphrey	Never give in and never give up.
Hubert H. Humphrey	Never give up on anybody.
Hugh Bonneville	I have an excellent internal compass.
Hugh Bonneville	Am I athletic? In my dreams.
Hugh Bonneville	I do realise how incredibly lucky I am.
Hugh Bonneville	I love doing comedy.
Hugh Bonneville	Young people are so often dissed by the media.
Hugh Dalton	Nearly all Italian officers speak French.
Hugh Dancy	I think I can lead a pretty anonymous life, yeah.
Hunter S. Thompson	Some may never live, but the crazy never die.
Hunter S. Thompson	Buy the ticket, take the ride.
Ian Hacking	I'm a dilettante. My governing word is 'curiosity.'
Imelda Staunton	I've always liked new writing.
Immanuel Kant	To be is to do.
Immanuel Kant	Ingratitude is the essence of vileness.
India de Beaufort	My personal style is ever changing.
Indira Gandhi	Forgiveness is a virtue of the brave.
Indira Gandhi	You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.
Indira Gandhi	There is not love where there is no will.
Ingrid Bergman	Be yourself. The world worships the original.
Ingrid Bergman	Happiness is good health and a bad memory.
Irwin Edman	Life is always at some turning point.
Isaac Asimov	I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them.
Isaac Asimov	Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
Isaac Asimov	I am not a speed reader. I am a speed understander.
Isaac Bashevis Singer	Life is God's novel. Let him write it.
Isaac D'Israeli	The wise make proverbs, and fools repeat them.
Isaac Newton	We build too many walls and not enough bridges.
Isaac Newton	Errors are not in the art but in the artificers.
Isabelle Adjani	I've suffered too much to hide my feelings.
Isabelle Adjani	I believe in angels, so it's simple.
Isabelle Adjani	I do not want to work to correspond to an image.
Isabelle Adjani	One can be emptied out and be filled up.
Isabelle Adjani	I think that we all carry the divine within us.
Italo Calvino	I suffer from everyday life.
Italo Calvino	One writes fables in periods of oppression.
Ivan Illich	Leadership does not depend on being right.
Ivan Illich	At the moment of death I hope to be surprised.
Ivica Dacic	No one can undermine national unity.
Ivica Dacic	Serbs can only leave Kosovo.
Ivica Dacic	Serbia stands firmly on the EU path.
Ivica Dacic	Discussing economic reforms in Serbia is futile.
Ivica Dacic	Serbia is blamed in advance for everything.
Ivica Dacic	Serbia is open for business.
Ivica Dacic	The time of Milosevic has long passed.
J. J. Abrams	I don't think I have a signature.
J. J. Abrams	I am lucky, I'm the first to admit that.
J. J. Abrams	Pitching is always a weird, difficult thing.
J. R. R. Tolkien	Not all those who wander are lost.
J. R. R. Tolkien	Courage is found in unlikely places.
J. R. R. Tolkien	Short cuts make long delays.
J. R. R. Tolkien	A safe fairyland is untrue to all worlds.
J. R. R. Tolkien	A pen is to me as a beak is to a hen.
JJ Feild	I've been compared to Jude Law my whole career.
JJ Feild	Oh my God, I could watch Jennifer Coolidge for hours.
JR	Art is not meant to change the world.
JR	With humour, there is life.
JR	What we see changes who we are.
Jack Abramoff	All I have, really, is my creativity.
Jack Abramoff	Class envy is dangerous.
Jack Abramoff	Congress doesn't hate Congress.
Jack Abramoff	Human beings are weak.
Jack Abramoff	I believe in God.
Jack Abramoff	I can't afford to be a member of a golf course.
Jack Abramoff	I don't pay much attention to sports.
Jack Abramoff	I mean, money is a tool.
Jack Abramoff	I might dream, but I am no dreamer.
Jack Adams	Everybody knew that I could type pretty well.
Jack Adams	I was assigned to the heavy cruiser Chicago.
Jack Adams	You could tell that America was gearing up for war.
Jack Davenport	Gay nightclubs offer better dance music.
Jack Davenport	I don't get recognised that much in the street.
Jacky Ickx	The margin between success and drama is fractional.
Jamelia	Life is too short not to experiment.
Jamelia	Americans are so dedicated to their jobs.
Jamelia	I couldn't think of anything else I'd rather be doing.
James A. Garfield	Justice and goodwill will outlast passion.
James A. Garfield	A law is not a law without coercion behind it.
James A. Garfield	A pound of pluck is worth a ton of luck.
James A. Garfield	Suicide is not a remedy.
James A. Garfield	I am a poor hater.
James Agate	My mind is not a bed to be made and re-made.
James Agee	God doesn't believe in the easy way.
James Badge Dale	Kids will tease you for just about anything.
James Baker	Never let the other fellow set the agenda.
James Balog	I'm quite fond of Switzerland. I love Switzerland.
James Balog	Once upon a time, I was a climate-change skeptic.
James Branch Cabell	No lady is ever a gentleman.
James Branch Cabell	Patriotism is the religion of hell.
James Caan	I never rode a bull - I'm not that stupid.
James Caan	I don't think silicone makes a girl good or bad.
James Cagney	You dirty, double-crossing rat.
James Callaghan	There are no instant solutions.
James Callis	Jane Austen is very amusing.
James Callis	Jokes are very curious things psychologically.
James Cameron	The future of 3D will be defined by TV.
James D'arcy	The good guy only gets the girl in a soppy way.
James D'arcy	I'm not really very ambitious.
James Daly	Rock stars are incredibly energizing to me.
James Daly	And I love writing. I've always loved writing.
James Dashner	Never give up. Laugh a lot. Be good to others.
James Dashner	I've always had high ambitions and aspirations.
James Dean	Only the gentle are ever really strong.
James Dean	The only greatness for man is immortality.
James Dean	I want to be a Texan 24 hours a day.
James Fallows	Make the important interesting.
James Fenton	One does not become a guru by accident.
James Frank Dobie	Conform and be dull.
James Galway	I do not see scales as abstract.
James Galway	Being unprepared heightens nerves.
James Galway	You cannot prepare enough for anything.
James Galway	Everyone who plays the flute should learn singing.
James Galway	The mind of the performer is a very strange thing.
James Galway	It is normal to be nervous.
James Galway	Control of vibrato helps your musical expression.
James Gandolfini	All writers are vampires.
James Gandolfini	I want nothing to do with privilege.
James Gandolfini	I like dark places.
James Gandolfini	I love hearing people laugh.
James Gandolfini	I find it hard to relax. I live in New York.
James Gandolfini	I'm an angry guy.
James Gandolfini	I have nothing but respect for HBO.
James Garner	You can never have too many friends.
James Garner	Even my stuntman is old.
James Garner	When I'm pushed, I shove.
James Garner	Yeah, I don't have a whole lot of problems.
James Garner	I'm a Methodist, but not as an actor.
James Garner	I'm working out every day. I'm in very good shape.
James Garner	I never finished the ninth grade.
James Iha	Yeah, I'm sure there are stereotypes of Asian people.
James Iha	I grew up in the suburbs of Chicago.
James Iha	Well, I always hope that I'm a role model.
James Irwin	I felt the power of God as I'd never felt it before.
James Joyce	Mistakes are the portals of discovery.
James Joyce	When I die Dublin will be written in my heart.
James M. Barrie	Life is a long lesson in humility.
James M. Barrie	Temper is a weapon that we hold by the blade.
James M. Barrie	I am not young enough to know everything.
James M. Barrie	To die will be an awfully big adventure.
James Madison	Philosophy is common sense with big words.
James Otis	Taxation without representation is tyranny.
James P. Cannon	The art of politics is knowing what to do next.
James Russell Lowell	Light is the symbol of truth.
James Russell Lowell	The heart forgets its sorrow and ache.
James Russell Lowell	Fate loves the fearless.
James Russell Lowell	Freedom is the only law which genius knows.
James Russell Lowell	Joy comes, grief goes, we know not how.
James Russell Lowell	Not failure, but low aim, is crime.
James T. Farrell	There's one good kind of writer - a dead one.
James Thurber	He who hesitates is sometimes saved.
Jamie Bamber	I would love to do more family comedy.
Jamie Farr	I certainly don't have any airs about myself.
Jan Garbarek	When we are on tour we also take chances.
Jan Hammer	The passion and spontaneity in music is all gone.
Jan Hammer	Growing up, I was very much interested in jazz music.
Jan Hammer	I'm so far removed from live playing any more.
Jan Peter Balkenende	Freedom is a universal value.
Jane Ace	Well, time wounds all heels.
Jane Austen	There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart.
Jane Austen	Life seems but a quick succession of busy nothings.
Jane Austen	What is right to be done cannot be done too soon.
Jane Badler	I have no regrets about my life.
Jane Campion	Tragedy makes you grow up.
Jane Haddam	Nobody in real life ever takes me seriously.
Jane Jacobs	Design is people.
Jane Jacobs	The point of cities is multiplicity of choice.
Jane Sherwood Ace	Home wasn't built in a day.
Jane Sherwood Ace	Time wounds all heels.
Janeane Garofalo	Is being an idiot like being high all the time?
Janice Hahn	I was born into public service.
Janina Gavankar	I'd rather be with Dracula than the Wolfman.
Janina Gavankar	I'd rather control someone than be controlled.
Janina Gavankar	I always feel like I'm so busy.
Janina Gavankar	I'm straight. I. Love. Men. I love men.
Janis Ian	A radio show recently did a beautiful eulogy of me.
Janis Joplin	Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got.
Janis Joplin	I'm one of those regular weird people.
Janis Joplin	Oh Lord, won't you buy me a Mercedes Benz.
Janis Joplin	Guess what, I might be the first hippie pinup girl.
Janis Joplin	You got to get it while you can.
Janis Joplin	I won't quit to become someone's old lady.
Janis Joplin	Audiences like their blues singers to be miserable.
Janis Joplin	Rock on out.
Jaromir Jagr	You appreciate things after you lose them.
Jaromir Jagr	I don't really care how we done it, we done it.
Jaromir Jagr	I like the pressure.
Jason Babin	I am critical of myself.
Jason Calacanis	I think entrepreneurship is a beautiful thing.
Jason Earles	Morning breath is the worst.
Jason Gann	I've always been fairly confident in my acting.
Jason Gann	So many young pets burn out in Hollywood, it's crazy.
Jason Isaacs	Every time I make a plan, God laughs at me.
Jason Isaacs	I damaged my Achilles tendon, so I can't run.
Javier Camara	I look Asian. I need to go to Japan.
Jay Electronica	For me, my life is a journey.
Jay Electronica	The bar is so low in rap - mediocrity is king!
Jay Electronica	I've been homeless on a few occasions.
Jay Inslee	Healing is a moral thing to do.
Jay R. Ferguson	Let me just tell you this: I love polyester.
Jaye Davidson	I'm unshockable, fortunately - or unfortunately.
Jean Anouilh	The object of art is to give life a shape.
Jean Baptiste Massieu	Gratitude is the memory of the heart.
Jean Ingelow	It is not reason which makes faith hard, but life.
Jean Paul Richter	Spring makes everything young again, save man.
Jean Racine	Without money honor is nothing but a malady.
Jean Toomer	People mistake their limitations for high standards.
Jean-Claude Van Damme	In the past, I was working out too heavy.
Jean-Paul Sartre	Commitment is an act, not a word.
Jean-Paul Sartre	We must act out passion before we can feel it.
Jean-Paul Sartre	Hell is other people.
Jeanne Calment	Every age has its happiness and troubles.
Jeanne Calment	He who hugs too much, hugs badly!
Jeanne Calment	I've only got one wrinkle, and I'm sitting on it.
Jeanne Calment	I didn't like mundane life.
Jeanne Calment	I've been forgotten by our Good Lord.
Jeanne Calment	In life, people sometimes make rotten deals.
Jeanne Calment	Wit doesn't make girls pretty.
Jeanne Calment	I wait for death and journalists.
Jeanne Calment	All babies are beautiful.
Jeanne Calment	I think I will die laughing.
Jeanne Calment	I'd like to go to the Moon.
Jeanne Calment	I'm not afraid of anything.
Jeff Daniels	Every actor just wants good writing.
Jeff Daniels	Give me good writing, and I'll play it all day.
Jeff Fahey	Eventually, I'll build a ranch and raise horses.
Jeff Garcia	I'll be ready. I'm ready right now.
Jeff Garlin	I'm a freak for great movies. I love movies.
Jeff Garlin	I'm from Chicago and it's a huge influence on me.
Jeff Rich	You have to believe in yourself.
Jeff Rich	Less is more, unless you're Al Gore.
Jeff Rich	Got an issue, get a tissue.
Jeff Rich	Every generation needs a new revolution.
Jeff Rich	Business is the salt of life.
Jeff Rich	No collection without compensation.
Jeff Rich	Attribution is power.
Jeff Rich	Compound interest is proof of gods existence.
Jeff Rich	Courage is action, not talk.
Jeff Rich	Hell hath no fury like a Democrat scorned.
Jeff Rich	The grass is always greener around the fire hydrant.
Jeff Rich	There are very few profound sayings in the world.
Jeff Rich	Winning is everything.
Jeff Rich	Life is a work in progress.
Jeff Rich	If you're not first, you're last.
Jeff Rich	To do or not to do... that is the question.
Jeff Rich	Who is the architect? I am the architect.
Jeff Rich	Testing is overrated.
Jencarlos Canela	I was a musician first before anything.
Jenna Elfman	Drama is not hard for me. It just didn't seem hard.
Jennette McCurdy	I get stressed out really easily.
Jennette McCurdy	I'm always thinking 'Don't mess this up.'
Jennie Garth	I like being a woman and having a womanly body.
Jennie Garth	I cook every day.
Jennie Garth	I have a strong constitution.
Jennie Garth	I just don't know how to date.
Jennie Garth	I just want to love and be loved.
Jennie Garth	I love kids and children, and I love being a mom.
Jennie Garth	I react emotionally to everything!
Jennifer Capriati	Tennis is what I do and is part of who I am.
Jennifer Capriati	I was an emotional basket case.
Jennifer Damiano	I legit can not parallel park. This is no joke!
Jennifer Damiano	I listen to a lot of indie or rock music.
Jennifer Damiano	You have to learn how to take care of yourself.
Jennifer Hale	I'm used to living in a disassociated universe.
Jenny Eclair	Anyone who has dead straight hair wants curls.
Jenny Eclair	I am best viewed from a distance... and at night.
Jenny Eclair	I am best viewed from a distance.
Jenny Eclair	I can't tan naturally.
Jeremy Irvine	I've always been into dark colours.
Jeremy Irvine	All actors have to change their name.
Jeremy Irvine	I'm not really an animal person.
Jeremy Irvine	I feel arrogant trying to give people advice.
Jeremy Irvine	I like horses!
Jeremy Irvine	I like doing stuff with my friends.
Jeremy Irvine	My bedroom's like an armoury.
Jeremy Jackson	When in doubt, throw it out.
Jeremy Jackson	Sometimes you win by losing.
Jermaine Jackson	You can't argue with stupidity.
Jerome Cady	The Japanese do not fear God. They only fear bombs.
Jerome K. Jerome	Conceit is the finest armor a man can wear.
Jerry Cantrell	Times change and you have to adapt.
Jerry Della Femina	Thank you for making me nouveau riche.
Jerry Falwell	My father was an agnostic.
Jerry Falwell	The First Amendment is not without limits.
Jerry Garcia	Our strong suit is what we do, and our audience.
Jerry Garcia	And the live show is still our main thing.
Jerry Hall	I'm a very lazy, stay-at-home kind of girl.
Jerry Hall	I'm a bit of a groupie.
Jerry Hall	Well, I think mostly we're dressing for men.
Jerry Hall	Music, art, theater. I'm just a big fan of beauty.
Jerry Hall	I love mysticism - it's such fun.
Jerry Hall	I'm a very bad citizen. I've never even voted.
Jerry Hall	We used to go to Studio 54 - an amazing place.
Jerry Hall	I have absolutely zero interest in politics.
Jerry Hall	I have done a lot of theater.
Jerry Hall	I have very old-fashioned tastes.
Jerry Hall	I've always gotten along best with artists.
Jerry Hall	I've dabbled in several different religions.
Jerry Hall	My favorite dancer is Sylvie Guillem.
Jessa Gamble	Being unconscious is the ultimate disability.
Jessica Capshaw	I don't have slim children. I have hearty ones.
Jessica Capshaw	I'll never give up my Dior mascara.
Jessica Capshaw	I am a very hopeful person.
Jessica Capshaw	I love the surprise element of being a mom.
Jessica Capshaw	I love to wear dresses when I'm pregnant.
Jessica Capshaw	I use only essential oils for perfumes.
Jessica Capshaw	I was always the girl who had that baby face.
Jessica Capshaw	I was never a rail-thin person.
Jessica Hagedorn	Everything matters. Time is precious.
Jessica Jackley	Art is fun to buy.
Jessie J	I love cleaning, weird but true. It really relaxes me.
Jessie J	I am a dork in disguise; I love doing stupid stuff.
Jesus Christ	As the Father has loved me, so have I loved you.
Jiddu Krishnamurti	The flowering of love is meditation.
Jill Abramson	I'm a huge dog nut - giant, giant.
Jill Abramson	I don't keep up with Twitter all day long.
Jill Abramson	I don't pretend I know everything.
Jim Capaldi	Traffic was very, very free. It was great.
Jim Carrey	Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.
Jim Carrey	If you've got a talent, protect it.
Jim Carrey	Originality is really important.
Jim Dale	Good acting is consistency of performance.
Jim Dale	A career in the theatre demands so much commitment.
Jim Elliot	Wherever you are - be all there.
Jim Elliot	Ninety-five percent of our wool is going to China.
Jim Gaffigan	I just want to be known as funny.
Jim Garrison	I'm not in the business of harassing anybody.
Jim Morrison	Whoever controls the media, controls the mind.
Jim Morrison	Love cannot save you from your own fate.
Jim Morrison	Hatred is a very underestimated emotion.
Jim Morrison	This is the strangest life I've ever known.
Jim Morrison	Where's your will to be weird?
Jim Rohn	Whatever good things we build end up building us.
Jim Rohn	Either you run the day or the day runs you.
Jim Valvano	I will thank God for the day and the moment I have.
Jim Valvano	Don't give up. Don't ever give up.
Jim Valvano	I talked about my family, my family's so important.
Jimi Hendrix	Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens.
Jimi Hendrix	Excuse me while I kiss the sky.
Jimi Hendrix	Music is my religion.
Jimi Hendrix	All I'm gonna do is just go on and do what I feel.
Jimi Hendrix	Music is a safe kind of high.
Jimi Hendrix	Blues is easy to play, but hard to feel.
Jimi Hendrix	If I'm free, it's because I'm always running.
Jimmy Cannon	A rabid sports fan is one that boos a TV set.
Jimmy Dean	God is bigger than people think.
Jimmy Fallon	Everyone looks so much better when they smile.
Joan Baez	Action is the antidote to despair.
Joan Baez	Hypothetical questions get hypothetical answers.
Joan Baez	I've never been an optimist.
Joan Baez	That's all nonviolence is - organized love.
Joan Rivers	Every television show you go on is a choice.
Joan Rivers	Life is very tough. If you don't laugh, it's tough.
Joanna Baillie	A willing heart adds feather to the heel.
Joanna Garcia	Every mom is ready to get her life and body back.
Joanna Garcia	I'm a curvy girl, and I'm a real girl.
Joanna Garcia	I'm obsessed with leather jackets!
Joaquim Maria Machado de Assis	We kill time; time buries us.
Joe Abercrombie	I span the entire geek spectrum.
Joe Dante	I think 'Pan's Labyrinth' is genius.
Joe Dante	Editing is kind of a solitary job.
Joe Dante	I love 'Evil Dead 2!' Who doesn't love 'Evil Dead 2?'
Joe Louis	He can run, but he can't hide.
Joel Edgerton	I'm a pacifist.
Joel Edgerton	I can't sing or dance.
Joel Edgerton	It feels good to be fit and strong.
Joel Edgerton	My brother and I are best friends.
Joel Edgerton	'The Great Gatsby' ticked so many boxes for me.
Joel Salatin	You wanna get diarrhoea? Eat industrial food.
Joel Salatin	'Organic' doesn't mean what people think it means.
Joey Adams	Never let a fool kiss you, or a kiss fool you.
Joey Fatone	People can sense when someone is fake or real on TV.
Joey Fatone	I have kind of an iron stomach.
Joey Lauren Adams	A bonus: You don't have to diet to direct.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe	Nothing is worth more than this day.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe	I call architecture frozen music.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe	Doubt grows with knowledge.
John A. Shedd	Opportunities are seldom labeled.
John Abbott	War is the science of destruction.
John Abizaid	I don't believe Iran is a suicide state.
John Abizaid	Our forces will not be on the sidelines.
John Acton	Liberty is the prevention of control by others.
John Acton	The greatest men, you can quote for everything.
John Adams	The happiness of society is the end of government.
John Adams	Great is the guilt of an unnecessary war.
John Adams	Fear is the foundation of most governments.
John Adams	A government of laws, and not of men.
John Adams	In politics the middle way is none at all.
John Adams	A government of laws and not of men.
John Bach	Kids love rabbits... they just like them.
John Bach	To the timid soul, nothing is possible.
John Backus	You need the willingness to fail all the time.
John Backus	Much of my work has come from being lazy.
John Baldacci	Why go somewhere else and start up all over again?
John Barrymore	You can only be as good as you dare to be bad.
John Burroughs	If you think you can do it, you can.
John Burroughs	Leap, and the net will appear.
John Burroughs	The secret of happiness is something to do.
John C. Calhoun	Beware the wrath of a patient adversary.
John C. Calhoun	It is harder to preserve than to obtain liberty.
John Cage	Ideas are one thing and what happens is another.
John Cage	We need not destroy the past. It is gone.
John Cage	When we separate music from life we get art.
John Cage	We carry our homes within us which enables us to fly.
John Cale	I want to get lean and mean, keep it minimalist.
John Cale	The avant-garde makes more sense to me.
John Cale	That's what my life is, writing songs.
John Cale	We'd hold a chord for three hours if we could.
John Calvin	We must remember that Satan has his miracles, too.
John Cameron	Medical physics is an applied area of physics.
John Candy	You can escape into a character.
John Cotton Dana	Who dares to teach must never cease to learn.
John Dalton	It's the right idea, but not the right time.
John Dewey	We only think when we are confronted with problems.
John Dewey	To me faith means not worrying.
John Dewey	No man's credit is as good as his money.
John Dryden	None but the brave deserves the fair.
John Dryden	The poetry of the foot.
John Dryden	Repentance is but want of power to sin.
John Eaton	I really write for people.
John Edwards	I don't think God's through with me.
John Edwards	I didn't get to the Senate by accident.
John Edwards	I have grown up in the bright light of America.
John Edwards	I think an Edwards-Kerry ticket would be powerful.
John Eisenhower	I was a lieutenant in World War II.
John Eldredge	It takes enormous strength to be a real woman.
John F. Kennedy	Things do not happen. Things are made to happen.
John F. Kennedy	The best road to progress is freedom's road.
John Fahey	I also know that I am not a great technician.
John Fahey	Being worshipped is a horrible experience.
John Fahey	How can I be a folk? I'm from the suburbs you know.
John Fahey	I just want to be treated like an average guy.
John Fahey	Well folks, that's about it for the show tonight.
John Fairchild	I have learned in fashion to be a little savage.
John Fletcher	Let's meet, and either do or die.
John Fortescue	Comparisons are odious.
John Galliano	Women are women, and hurray for that.
John Galliano	I'm ready to create.
John Galliano	I listen and talk to God daily.
John Galliano	I have a very haute couture way of working.
John Galliano	Sure, I'd like to be like the House of Chanel.
John Galsworthy	Love has no age, no limit; and no death.
John Galsworthy	Beginnings are always messy.
John Galsworthy	Headlines twice the size of the events.
John Galsworthy	The French cook; we open tins.
John Garfield	Must I tell the story of my life again?
John Garfield	Reading is important.
John Gay	Praising all alike, is praising none.
John Gay	A moment of time may make us unhappy forever.
John Heywood	A hard beginning maketh a good ending.
John Heywood	Three may keep counsel, if two be away.
John Irving	Good habits are worth being fanatical about.
John Irving	You can't learn everything you need to know legally.
John Irving	Half my life is an act of revision.
John Keats	Nothing ever becomes real till it is experienced.
John Keats	Love is my religion - I could die for it.
John Keats	My imagination is a monastery and I am its monk.
John Keats	The poetry of the earth is never dead.
John Keats	I would sooner fail than not be among the greatest.
John Keats	Philosophy will clip an angel's wings.
John Keats	Scenery is fine - but human nature is finer.
John Keats	Ever let the Fancy roam, Pleasure never is at home.
John Kenneth Galbraith	War remains the decisive human failure.
John Lennon	Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted.
John Lennon	Love is the flower you've got to let grow.
John Lennon	As usual, there is a great woman behind every idiot.
John Lennon	All we are saying is give peace a chance.
John Lennon	The more I see the less I know for sure.
John Lennon	Everything is clearer when you're in love.
John Locke	No man's knowledge here can go beyond his experience.
John Locke	All wealth is the product of labor.
John Locke	Where there is no property there is no injustice.
John Locke	What worries you, masters you.
John Locke	It is easier for a tutor to command than to teach.
John Locke	Wherever Law ends, Tyranny begins.
John Lubbock	What we see depends mainly on what we look for.
John Lyly	Long quaffing maketh a short life.
John Lyly	Fish and guests in three days are stale.
John Lyly	Night hath a thousand eyes.
John Milton	Just are the ways of God, And justifiable to men.
John Milton	Good, the more Communicated, more abundant grows.
John Milton	They also serve who only stand and wait.
John Milton	Peace hath her victories No less renowned than war.
John Muir	The mountains are calling and I must go.
John Muir	Climb the mountains and get their good tidings.
John Muir	The power of imagination makes us infinite.
John Muir	How glorious a greeting the sun gives the mountains!
John Nelson Darby	God is sufficient in all ages for His church.
John Nelson Darby	Let those who like society better have it.
John Paul Jones	I have not yet begun to fight.
John Ruskin	There is no wealth but life.
John Ruskin	The essence of lying is in deception, not in words.
John Ruskin	When we build, let us think that we build for ever.
John Russell	A proverb is one man's wit and all men's wisdom.
John Steinbeck	A sad soul can kill quicker than a germ.
John Steinbeck	Time is the only critic without ambition.
John W. Gardner	Life is the art of drawing without an eraser.
John Wayne	Life is tough, but it's tougher if you're stupid.
John Wayne	Get off your horse and drink your milk.
John Wayne	Talk low, talk slow and don't say too much.
John Wayne	Get off your butt and join the Marines!
John Wayne	All I'm for is the liberty of the individual.
John Wooden	Never mistake activity for achievement.
John Wooden	Discipline yourself, and others won't need to.
John le Carré	A committee is an animal with four back legs.
Johnny Cash	For you I know I'd even try to turn the tide.
Johnny Cash	God gives us life and takes us away as He sees fit.
Johnny Damon	I know who I am. And I know I'm a good person.
Johnny Damon	I feel like I've been a Yankee my whole life.
Johnny Damon	I just go out and play.
Johnny Depp	I think everybody's nuts.
Johnny Galecki	I love to work. I absolutely love to work.
Johnny Galecki	I'm a fan of music in general.
Jon Hamm	I'm not a cheater. I've never cheated in my life.
Jon Hamm	I don't need to be married, but I feel married.
Jon Hamm	I'm not gay, and I'm not a superhero.
Jonathan Davis	Real friends stab you in the front.
Jonathan Davis	I don't know the true meaning of happiness.
Jonathan Davis	Be yourself, let you come through.
Jonathan Davis	I feel like Obama's an Illuminati puppet.
Jonathan Ive	Good is the enemy of great.
Jonathan Ive	The best ideas start as conversations.
Jonathan Jackson	I think acting is a gift.
Jonathan Swift	May you live all the days of your life.
Jonathan Swift	He was a bold man that first ate an oyster.
Jonathan Swift	Observation is an old man's memory.
Jonathan Swift	Vision is the art of seeing things invisible.
Jorge Garcia	Bad people are intriguing!
Jorge Garcia	I just enjoy the ride while I have it.
Jorge Garcia	You can get fired from any job at any time.
Jose Canseco	If you look at our world, it's a world of critique.
Jose Canseco	All I have is the truth, and I've proven that.
Jose Canseco	I can just say exactly what happened.
Jose Canseco	I get criticized for anything I do.
Jose Canseco	The national pastime is juiced.
Jose Canseco	I'm just basically telling a story of my life.
Jose Canseco	I'm tired of justifying what I've said.
Jose Garces	Chicago is a lot of my background as a chef.
Jose Garces	I spent several years cooking on a line.
Jose Garces	I studied cooking in Spain after college.
Jose Garces	My family came from Ecuador.
Jose Ortega y Gasset	I am I plus my circumstances.
Joseph Addison	Sunday clears away the rust of the whole week.
Joseph Campbell	Love is a friendship set to music.
Joseph Campbell	I don't have to have faith, I have experience.
Joseph Cannon	In the last analysis sound judgment will prevail.
Joseph Conrad	All a man can betray is his conscience.
Joseph Conrad	Vanity plays lurid tricks with our memory.
Joseph G. Cannon	Not one cent for scenery.
Joseph Hall	Perfection is the child of time.
Joseph Hall	Let me know myself; let others guess at me.
Joseph Hall	He is great enough that is his own master.
Joseph Jackson	It's all about the money.
Joseph Jackson	In being strict, you were able to control.
Joseph Joubert	Kindness is loving people more than they deserve.
Joseph Joubert	Innocence is always unsuspicious.
Joseph Joubert	Politeness is the flower of humanity.
Joseph Joubert	Never cut what you can untie.
Joseph Joubert	To teach is to learn twice.
Joseph Joubert	Children need models rather than critics.
Joseph Joubert	Imagination is the eye of the soul.
Joseph Joubert	Logic works, metaphysics contemplates.
Joseph Joubert	Justice is the truth in action.
Joseph Joubert	Misery is almost always the result of thinking.
Joseph Joubert	Children need models more than they need critics.
Joseph Roux	We love justice greatly, and just men but little.
Joseph Roux	Solitude vivifies; isolation kills.
Joseph Stalin	Death solves all problems - no man, no problem.
Joseph Stalin	I trust no one, not even myself.
Joseph Stalin	The writer is the engineer of the human soul.
Joseph Stalin	The only real power comes out of a long rifle.
Joseph Stalin	History shows that there are no invincible armies.
Joseph Stalin	You cannot make a revolution with silk gloves.
Joseph Stalin	The Pope? How many divisions has he got?
Joseph Stalin	Gratitude is a sickness suffered by dogs.
Josephine Baker	All men can live together, if they wish to.
Josephus Daniels	There is no rank in sacrifice.
Josh Billings	There is no revenge so complete as forgiveness.
Josh Billings	Silence is one of the hardest arguments to refute.
Josh Dallas	I think falling in love is always a surprise, right?
Josh Gad	I love polarizing people.
Josh Gad	I was trained as a straight dramatist.
Josh Gad	I'm unfortunately very verbose too often.
Jostein Gaarder	The universe is a great mystery.
José Ortega y Gasset	To live is to feel oneself lost.
Joyce Carol Oates	The worst cynicism: a belief in luck.
Joyce Meyer	You cannot have a positive life and a negative mind.
Joyce Meyer	God's mercy is fresh and new every morning.
Juan Manuel Fangio	Women rule our lives, don't they?
Juan Manuel Fangio	A crazy man finishes in the cemetery.
Judah ben Ezekiel	The Holy One…requires the heart.
Judy Garland	Behind every cloud is another cloud.
Judy Garland	'Twas not my lips you kissed but my soul.
Judy Garland	I'm the original take-orders girl.
Judy Garland	If I am a legend, then why am I so lonely?
Judy Garland	I was born at the age of twelve on an MGM lot.
Judy Garland	It's lonely and cold on the top... lonely and cold.
Jules Feiffer	Maturity is only a short break in adolescence.
Jules Renard	To have a horror of the bourgeois is bourgeois.
Julia Cameron	Nothing dies harder than a bad idea.
Julia Cameron	When I ask for help with my creativity, I get it.
Julia Cameron	It's important always to have a sense of wonder.
Julianna Baggott	I prefer a cluttered workspace.
Julie Garwood	I just want to make people smile.
Julie Garwood	I love historical romance, absolutely love it.
Julie Garwood	I like writing about friends.
Julio Iglesias	I like to relax.
Julio Iglesias	I am a lover for sure. I love to be loved.
Julio Iglesias	I am not an artist which is 'in.'
Julio Iglesias	I love intimacy, always, of performing.
Julio Iglesias	Passion has been in my DNA for generations.
Julio Iglesias	I have discipline; I look after my voice.
Julio Iglesias	I've played a lot in Las Vegas in my life.
Julio Iglesias	My life is to sing.
Julius Caesar	I came, I saw, I conquered.
Julius Caesar	Experience is the teacher of all things.
Julius Caesar	Cowards die many times before their actual deaths.
Julius Caesar	I love the name of honor, more than I fear death.
Julius Caesar	The die is cast.
Julius Caesar	Caesar's wife must be above suspicion.
Julius Caesar	Men freely believe that which they desire.
Julius Caesar	Men willingly believe what they wish.
Julius Caesar	I came, I saw, I conquered. ( Veni, vidi, vici. )
Junius	By persuading others, we convince ourselves.
Jupiter Hammon	Good servants frequently make good masters.
Jurgen Habermas	Each murder is one too many.
Jurgen Habermas	One never really knows who one's enemy is.
Justin Halpern	My dad is awesome.
Justin Halpern	I was an angst-y journal writing kid.
Justin Townes Earle	On the road, I weigh 168. At home, ten more.
Juvenal	What man was ever content with one crime?
Juvenal	No one ever suddenly became depraved.
Juvenal	Honesty is praised and starves.
Juvenal	All wish to know, but none want to pay the fee.
Juvenal	Never does nature say one thing and wisdom another.
Kahlil Gibran	Let there be space in your togetherness.
Kara Hayward	I'm starting to find my own style.
Kara Hayward	You have to find out how to become the character.
Kara Hayward	I love to write.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar	You can't win unless you learn how to lose.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar	I enjoy seeing new places.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar	You can't win if you don't play as a unit.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar	If not shown appreciation, it gets to you.
Karel Capek	Nothing is stranger to man than his own image.
Karel Capek	Art must not serve might.
Karl Marx	Democracy is the road to socialism.
Karl Marx	Revolutions are the locomotives of history.
Kat Dahlia	I just want people that like my music to like me.
Kat Edmonson	I grew up with my mom; it was just the two of us.
Kat Edmonson	I want to play more festivals.
Kat Edmonson	I want to tour, everywhere I can, all of the world.
Kat Edmonson	Jazz is progressive, and it's alive.
Kate Adie	I don't want to be involved in endless media gossip.
Kate Adie	I have never been attracted to any kind of violence.
Kate Bosworth	I wasn't a social butterfly at all.
Kate Bosworth	I felt uncomfortable in cliques.
Kate Bosworth	I actually hate shopping.
Kate Bosworth	I almost envy people who say whatever they want.
Kate Bosworth	I'm very independent.
Kate Bosworth	I keep everything that's private private.
Kate Bosworth	I really like one-on-one, rich relationships.
Kate Bosworth	I'm a serial monogamist.
Kate Jackson	I feel very lucky.
Kate del Castillo	I like men who are intelligent and sensitive.
Kate del Castillo	I'm always trying to push for women's rights.
Katharine Hepburn	Life is hard. After all, it kills you.
Katharine Hepburn	Never complain. Never explain.
Kathy Acker	You can do whatever you want with my work.
Kathy Acker	I mean, once work's out there it's meant to be used.
Kathy Acker	I'm very staid compared to my students, actually.
Kathy Ireland	I think I'm too much of a control freak.
Kathy Ireland	Beauty comes from the inside.
Kathy Ireland	I won't give up my day job of design.
Kathy Ireland	An agenda is not a bad thing.
Katie Featherston	I loved scary movies growing up.
Katori Hall	Serendipity always rewards the prepared.
Katori Hall	I have so many different voices and stories to tell.
Kay Hagan	My faith guides my life.
Kay Hagan	Well, I believe in God. I taught Sunday school.
Kazuo Ishiguro	I want my words to survive translation.
Keith David	My whole life, I always wanted to be an actor.
Kelli Garner	I like men who are more in their heads.
Kelli Garner	In fact, I'm a geek.
Ken Adam	I always wanted to design for films.
Ken Adam	My house is not James Bondish at all. Sorry.
Ken Adam	My mother and father were interested in the arts.
Ken Venturi	The greatest gift in life is to be remembered.
Ken Venturi	My father was a man of few words.
Ken Venturi	I couldn't say my own name when I was 12.
Kenneth Baker	By the end of the 1970s Britain was in a mess.
Kenneth Edmonds	The Internet is a whole new world opening up.
Kenneth Edmonds	I enjoy music that is commercial.
Kenny Dalglish	The scoreline is a bit flattering really.
Kenny G	I really create everything I do from the heart.
Kenny G	That's my ideal day, time with my boys.
Kenny G	I'm responsive to my public, but I also follow my heart.
Kevin Bacon	I have a natural swagger.
Kevin Bacon	Clint Eastwood has always been a hero.
Kevin Bacon	Fame is very much a double-edged sword.
Kevin Daniels	I got into theater at an early age.
Kevin Garnett	We have to do the impossible, but it is possible.
Kevin Garnett	I have a problem sometimes with being too hyper.
Kevin Garnett	I don't play to sweat, I play to win.
Kevyn Aucoin	Beauty has a lot to do with character.
Kevyn Aucoin	I spent much of my life hiding.
Kevyn Aucoin	I'm very passionate about what I do.
Kevyn Aucoin	Yes, but everyone is beautiful to someone.
Khalil Gibran	Your friend is your needs answered.
Kim Campbell	There is no greater honour than to serve Canadians.
Kim Campbell	For too many, to work means having less income.
Kim Edwards	I love to swim, and I love being near water.
Kim Edwards	I like clothes that are elegant and comfortable.
Kim Jong Il	Great ideology creates great times.
Kimberly Caldwell	I don't do earrings.
Kimberly Caldwell	I like things in my hair - big feather pieces.
Kimberly Caldwell	I love every kind of music.
Kimberly Elise	Making 'Beloved' was an awesome experience.
Kimberly Elise	I don't have to be glamorous all the time.
Kin Hubbard	Nobuddy ever fergits where he buried a hatchet.
Kirk Cameron	Do I support the idea of gay marriage? No, I don't.
Kirk Hammett	A life lived unexplored is a life not worth living.
Kirsty Gallacher	I am the girliest girl.
Kirsty Gallacher	I'm a bit of a Luddite and I hate the internet.
Kirsty Gallacher	I'm a very private person.
Knut Hamsun	I have gone to the forest.
Kobe Bryant	I'm chasing perfection.
Konrad Adenauer	A thick skin is a gift from God.
Konrad Adenauer	Kennedy cooked the soup that Johnson had to eat.
Koran	God is with those who persevere.
Kurt Cobain	The duty of youth is to challenge corruption.
Kurt Cobain	Rather be dead than cool.
Kurt Cobain	The sun is gone, but I have a light.
Kurt Cobain	We're so trendy we can't even escape ourselves.
Kurt Cobain	The worst crime is faking it.
Kurt Cobain	A friend is nothing but a known enemy.
Kurt Cobain	I'm not well-read, but when I read, I read well.
Kurt Vonnegut	The year was 2081, and everyone was finally equal.
Kurt Vonnegut	The universe is a big place, perhaps the biggest.
L. Sprague de Camp	It does not pay a prophet to be too specific.
LL Cool J	Stand up and face your fears, or they will defeat you.
LL Cool J	You can't let your past hold your future hostage.
La Rochefoucauld	Self-love is the greatest of all flatterers.
Lady Gaga	I'm a wandering gypsy.
Lady Gaga	Gay marriage is going to happen. It must.
Lady Mary Wortley Montagu	General notions are generally wrong.
Lana Turner	A gentleman is simply a patient wolf.
Lana Turner	I've always loved a challenge.
Lana Turner	My life has been a series of emergencies.
Lane Garrison	In the end, crime doesn't pay.
Lao Tzu	The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
Lao Tzu	Silence is a source of great strength.
Lao Tzu	Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
Lao Tzu	When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
Lao Tzu	Anticipate the difficult by managing the easy.
Lapo Elkann	Real luxury is customization.
Larry David	I tolerate lactose like I tolerate people.
Larry David	Women love a self-confident bald man.
Larry Elder	A goal without a plan is just a wish.
Larry Gagosian	The sun never sets on my gallery.
Larry Gagosian	I don't wear plaid shirts.
Larry Gagosian	I was always very focused on how people dressed.
Lasse Hallstrom	I love improvising.
Lasse Hallstrom	I love mixing amateurs and professionals.
Laura Carmichael	I certainly never saw myself as posh.
Laura Carmichael	I have such a huge girl crush on Beyonce.
Laura Carmichael	I cry at films and TV and even adverts.
Laura Carmichael	I don't really get recognised very much.
Laura Carmichael	I'm from Southampton.
Laura Carmichael	I'm not recognised much at all.
Laura Carmichael	I'm rubbish at Twitter.
Laura Carmichael	Sometimes we do things that are really awful.
Laura Innes	But I'm not objective when I'm acting.
Laura Innes	I think they do a great job on Queer as Folk.
Laura Innes	I'm straight and I have a lot of gay friends.
Laurell K. Hamilton	I think like a detective.
Lauren Bacall	Imagination is the highest kite one can fly.
Lauren Bacall	I am not a has-been. I am a will be.
Lauren Bacall	You can't always be a leading lady.
Lauren Bacall	I am essentially a loner.
Lauren Bacall	I wish Frank Sinatra would just shut up and sing.
Lauren Bacall	We live in an age of mediocrity.
Lauren Cohan	I do actually sing; I love to sing.
Laurent Fabius	Shopkeepers are not bankers.
Lawrence Durrell	It is not love that is blind, but jealousy.
Le Corbusier	A house is a machine for living in.
Lee H. Hamilton	Democracy fascinates me.
Lee Iacocca	The speed of the boss is the speed of the team.
Leif Garrett	Aerosmith went on The Simpsons and they had fun.
Leif Garrett	I have no problem with starting from scratch.
Leo Baekeland	I also served on many government committees.
Leo Buscaglia	We all need each other.
Leo Buscaglia	Love is life. And if you miss love, you miss life.
Leo Buscaglia	Change is the end result of all true learning.
Leo Durocher	Nice guys finish last.
Leo Fender	I wonder if I could make an electric bass.
Leo Fender	Let there be bass.
Leo Rosten	Any man who hates dogs and babies can't be all bad.
Leo Tolstoy	If you want to be happy, be.
Leo Tolstoy	The sole meaning of life is to serve humanity.
Leo Tolstoy	Boredom: the desire for desires.
Leo Tolstoy	True life is lived when tiny changes occur.
Leo Tolstoy	Music is the shorthand of emotion.
Leo Tolstoy	Nietzsche was stupid and abnormal.
Leonard Bailey	You can't serve up hearts like cherries jubilee.
Leonardo da Vinci	Learning never exhausts the mind.
Leonardo da Vinci	Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
Leonardo da Vinci	Water is the driving force of all nature.
Leonardo da Vinci	A well-spent day brings happy sleep.
Leonardo da Vinci	Art is never finished, only abandoned.
Leos Carax	I don't think men were meant to be interviewed.
Leos Carax	I don't work with people who ask me questions.
Leos Carax	I'm not only my films, but I'm pretty much my films.
Les Brown	Life has no limitations, except the ones you make.
Les Brown	Forgive those who have hurt you.
Lesley Garrett	I do a lot of vocal hygiene.
Leslie Easterbrook	I wish I had a funny story.
Leslie Easterbrook	I can be inappropriate at times.
Leslie Easterbrook	I have fans all around the world.
Leslie Easterbrook	I'm a big taco fan.
Lewis B. Smedes	No one really forgives unless he has been hurt.
Lewis Carroll	No good fish goes anywhere without a porpoise.
Lewis Carroll	We called him Tortoise because he taught us.
Lewis Carroll	Everything's got a moral, if only you can find it.
Lewis Mumford	Our national flower is the concrete cloverleaf.
Liam Gallagher	I live for now, not for what happens after I die.
Liam Gallagher	Discipline? I don't know the meaning of the word.
Liam Gallagher	If I like something, I get it and I put it on.
Liam Gallagher	Being a lad is what I'm about.
Liam Gallagher	New York is my favorite city in the world.
Liam Gallagher	You've either got it or you haven't.
Liam Gallagher	There's no rules. Show me the rule book.
Liam Gallagher	I'm not looking for guidance.
Lily Tomlin	The road to success is always under construction.
Lily Tomlin	For fast-acting relief try slowing down.
Lily Tomlin	Remember we're all in this alone.
Lily Tomlin	The best mind-altering drug is the truth.
Lily Tomlin	Reality is nothing but a collective hunch.
Lincoln Steffens	I have been over into the future, and it works.
Linda Cardellini	Before I could talk, I would try to sing.
Linda Ellerbee	Time doesn't go. Time stays. We go.
Linda Ellerbee	The new national campfire - radio.
Lindsay Davenport	I don't think I should be underestimated.
Lindsay Davenport	I think I'm pretty down to earth.
Lindsay Davenport	I was never a prodigy.
Lindsay Davenport	I'm not that interesting!
Lindsay Davenport	I've played too many tennis hours.
Lindsay Davenport	Tennis is more commercial these days.
Lindsay Davenport	With my child, I hardly watch TV now.
Lindsay Ellingson	Valentine's Day is my favorite holiday.
Lindsay Ellingson	I've been dancing for 10 years.
Lionel Ferbos	I've had a wonderful life with music.
Lionel Trilling	Immature artists imitate. Mature artists steal.
Lisa Gansky	A brand is a voice and a product is a souvenir.
Lisa Jakub	You never know how much time you have with someone.
Livy	Certain peace is better and safer than anticipated victory.
Lizzy Caplan	Don't peak in high school.
Lizzy Caplan	I did the whole non-dairy thing for a year.
Lizzy Caplan	I find reality television to be so delectable.
Logan Pearsall Smith	An improper mind is a perpetual feast.
Lord Acton	Socialism means slavery.
Lord Acton	Learn as much by writing as by reading.
Lord Byron	There is no instinct like that of the heart.
Lord Byron	The heart will break, but broken live on.
Lord Byron	Fools are my theme, let satire be my song.
Lord Byron	Fame is the thirst of youth.
Lord Byron	The dew of compassion is a tear.
Lord Byron	Always laugh when you can. It is cheap medicine.
Lord Byron	Good but rarely came from good advice.
Lord Byron	Who would be free themselves must strike the blow.
Lord Byron	Ready money  is  Aladdin's lamp.
Lord Byron	The glory and the nothing of a name.
Lord Byron	The night Shows stars and women in a better light.
Lord Byron	Pleasure's a sin, and sometimes Sin's a pleasure.
Lorenzo di Bonaventura	I mean, I'm not a contrarian.
Lorrie Fair	I'm little, but I love big things.
Lorrie Fair	That doll looks more like a black man than me.
Lorrie Fair	The national team comes before everything.
Lorrie Fair	I think UNC and Lorrie Fair is a perfect match.
Louis Agassiz	I cannot afford to waste my time making money.
Louis Agassiz	Study nature, not books.
Louis Bacon	I am a conservationist. It is in my DNA.
Louis Henri Sullivan	Form ever follows function.
Louis L'Amour	A good beginning makes a good end.
Louis XIV of France	I am the state! ( L'état, c'est moi! )
Louis XVIII of France	Punctuality is the politeness of kings.
Luc Ferrari	I have problems with machines which aren't gestural.
Lucille Ball	The more things you do, the more you can do.
Lucille Ball	I'm not funny. What I am is brave.
Lucille Ball	Ability is of little account without opportunity.
Lucius Accius	Let them hate so long as they fear.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca	If you wished to be loved, love.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca	Love in its essence is spiritual fire.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca	While we are postponing, life speeds by.
Lucretius	Nothing can be created out of nothing.
Lucretius	What is food to one, is to others bitter poison.
Lucy Hale	I was home schooled, so I never got a yearbook.
Ludovic Halevy	No news is good news.
Ludwig Wittgenstein	Philosophy is not a theory but an activity.
Luis Bunuel	Thank God I'm an atheist.
Luis Bunuel	A paranoiac like a poet, is born, not made.
Luis Buñuel	I am an atheist still, thank God.
Lukas Haas	A low budget is uncomfortable.
Luther Campbell	Words are just words.
Luther Campbell	I want to do a record with Monica Lewinsky.
Lyman Abbott	Patience is passion tamed.
Lyman Abbott	I cannot harness a horse. I am afraid of a cow.
Lyman Abbott	It is easy to condemn, it is better to pity.
Lyman Abbott	Religion is not a conclusion of the reason.
Lynn Abbey	I'm dense when it comes to discouragement.
Lynn Abbey	I'm always trolling for trivia.
Madame de Cornuel	No man is a hero to his valet.
Mae West	I used to be Snow White, but I drifted.
Mae West	An ounce of performance is worth pounds of promises.
Mae West	A man's kiss is his signature.
Mae West	I always say, keep a diary and someday it'll keep you.
Mae West	Sex is emotion in motion.
Mae West	To err is human, but it feels divine.
Mae West	I believe in censorship. I made a fortune out of it.
Mae West	I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it.
Mae West	I didn't discover curves; I only uncovered them.
Mae West	Look your best - who said love is blind?
Mae West	Too much of a good thing can be wonderful.
Mae West	I only like two kinds of men, domestic and imported.
Mae West	Anything worth doing is worth doing slowly.
Mae West	I'm a woman of very few words, but lots of action.
Maggie Gallagher	I am just an ordinary Catholic.
Mahalia Jackson	You're blessed if you have the strength to work.
Mahalia Jackson	Money just draws flies.
Mahalia Jackson	Without a song, each day would be a century.
Mahalia Jackson	Everybody needs somebody.
Mahalia Jackson	I hope to bring people to God with my songs.
Mahatma Gandhi	Where there is love there is life.
Mahatma Gandhi	My life is my message.
Mahmoud Darwish	Nothing, nothing justifies terrorism.
Mahmoud Darwish	Palestinian people are in love with life.
Mahmoud Darwish	Without hope we are lost.
Mahmoud Darwish	I see poetry as spiritual medicine.
Maimonides	Anticipate charity by preventing poverty.
Malcolm Forbes	Failure is success if we learn from it.
Malcolm Forbes	Presence is more than just being there.
Malcolm Forbes	The best vision is insight.
Malcolm Forbes	When you cease to dream you cease to live.
Malcolm Forbes	By the time we've made it, we've had it.
Malcolm Forbes	Let your children go if you want to keep them.
Malcolm X	The future belongs to those who prepare for it today.
Malcolm X	If you have no critics you'll likely have no success.
Mamie Eisenhower	I had a career. His name was Ike.
Manfred Eigen	Sometimes a scream is better than a thesis.
Manly Hall	Words are potent weapons for all causes, good or bad.
Manly Hall	Moderation is the secret of survival.
Marc Garneau	Canada and space are a natural fit.
Marc Garneau	I like adventure.
Marc Jacobs	Clothes mean nothing until someone lives in them.
Marc Jacobs	Grunge is a hippied romantic version of punk.
Marcel Proust	Love is space and time measured by the heart.
Marcel Proust	The only paradise is paradise lost.
Marcel Proust	Love is a reciprocal torture.
Marcel Proust	As soon as one is unhappy one becomes moral.
Marcus Aurelius	Our life is what our thoughts make it.
Marcus Aurelius	Confine yourself to the present.
Marcus Aurelius	A man's worth is no greater than his ambitions.
Marcus Aurelius	Nothing is evil which is according to nature.
Marcus Garvey	Progress is the attraction that moves humanity.
Marcus Garvey	Look to Africa, for there a king will be crowned.
Marcus Garvey	Up, you mighty race, accomplish what you will.
Marcus Garvey	I like honesty and fair play.
Marcus Garvey	Africa for the Africans... at home and abroad!
Marcus Garvey	Look for me in the whirlwind or the storm.
Marcus Garvey	The whole world is run on bluff.
Marcus Tullius Cicero	A man of courage is also full of faith.
Marcus Tullius Cicero	A friend is, as it were, a second self.
Marcus Tullius Cicero	The more laws, the less justice.
Marcus Tullius Cicero	While there's life, there's hope.
Margaret Mead	I learned the value of hard work by working hard.
Margaret Wolfe Hungerford	Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
Maria Bamford	People get really irritated by mental illness.
Maria Bamford	Schizophrenia is hearing voices, not doing voices.
Maria Callas	I don't need the money, dear. I work for art.
Maria Callas	On stage, I am in the dark.
Maria Callas	Love is so much better when you're not married.
Maria Edgeworth	How success changes the opinion of men!
Marianne Faithfull	I'm a Capricorn, and they flower late.
Marianne Moore	Beauty is everlasting  And dust is for a time.
Marie de Sévigné	True friendship is never serene.
Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach	Conquer, but don't triumph.
Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach	Imaginary evils are incurable.
Marilyn Hacker	Good writing gives energy, whatever it is about.
Marilyn Manson	Music is the strongest form of magic.
Marilyn Monroe	Sex is a part of nature. I go along with nature.
Marilyn Monroe	A smart girl leaves before she is left.
Marilyn Monroe	Fear is stupid. So are regrets.
Marilyn Monroe	I restore myself when I'm alone.
Mario Balotelli	Racism springs from ignorance.
Mario Balotelli	For me, my mother is everything.
Mario Cantone	I wouldn't live with me, believe me. I'm moody.
Mark Caine	A barrier is of ideas, not of things.
Mark Caine	At all times it is better to have a method.
Mark Canton	Hollywood is a place of great irony at all times.
Mark Edwards	You can't get away from who you are I guess.
Mark Edwards	I have always abhorred the business end of music.
Mark Hamill	So much of life is what you roll and where you land.
Mark Indelicato	I definitely love T.V.
Mark Indelicato	I'm really interested in fashion journalism.
Mark Indelicato	'Ugly Betty' taught me everything about fashion.
Mark Twain	The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Mark Twain	Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company.
Mark Twain	The lack of money is the root of all evil.
Mark Twain	Apparently there is nothing that cannot happen today.
Mark Twain	When angry, count four; when very angry, swear.
Mark Twain	A baby is an inestimable blessing and bother.
Mark Twain	The report of my death was an exaggeration.
Mark Twain	Name the greatest of all the inventors: Accident.
Mark Twain	All kings is mostly rapscallions.
Mark Twain	Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
Mark Twain	Man is the only animal that blushes. Or needs to.
Mark Z. Danielewski	I'm not independently wealthy.
Marketa Irglova	I trust the flow of life.
Marketa Irglova	I feel energized walking off stage.
Marketa Irglova	Whatever I hear in my head is what I play.
Marlene Dietrich	Glamour is what I sell, it's my stock in trade.
Marlene Dietrich	Without tenderness, a man is uninteresting.
Marlene Dietrich	If there is a supreme being, he's crazy.
Marlene Dietrich	I am at heart a gentleman.
Marlene Dietrich	When you're dead, you're dead. That's it.
Marlene Dietrich	Superstitions are habits rather than beliefs.
Marshall McLuhan	The medium is the message.
Martial	Fortune gives many too much, but none enough.
Martial	To our ashes glory comes too late.
Martial	Life is not merely being alive, but being well.
Martin Campbell	I'm not a 3-D man; I'm a 2-D man.
Martin Luther	Pray, and let God worry.
Martin Luther	Nothing good ever comes of violence.
Martin Luther	Peace if possible, truth at all costs.
Martin Luther	When schools flourish, all flourishes.
Martin Luther	Reason is the enemy of faith.
Martin Luther	Here I stand. I can do no other.
Marty Feldman	Money can't buy poverty.
Marty Feldman	Comedy, like sodomy, is an unnatural act.
Marvin Hamlisch	I never took any vocal training.
Mary Badham	I wasn't a child who wanted to be an actor.
Mary Baker Eddy	Jealousy is the grave of affection.
Mary Baker Eddy	Reject hatred without hating.
Mary Baker Eddy	Truth is immortal; error is mortal.
Mary Daly	Women have had the power of naming stolen from us.
Mary Fallin	It's my job as governor to set a vision.
Mary Fallin	I've been through so many different political races.
Mary Garden	I decided to write about the myths of divorce.
Mary Kay Ash	The speed of the leader is the speed of the gang.
Mary Kay Ash	A company is only as good as the people it keeps.
Mary Kay Ash	Every silver lining has a cloud.
Mary Kay Ash	We fall forward to succeed.
Mary Kay Ash	Left eyebrow raised, right eyebrow raised.
Mary McCarthy	In violence, we forget who we are.
Maryam D'Abo	Life is good - we forget that.
Matt Cameron	I try and stay limber, swim, run, ride motorcycles.
Matt Dallas	I'm the king of brownie sundaes!
Matt Damon	It's better to be a fake somebody than a real nobody.
Matthew Hale	Christianity is part of the Common Law of England.
Matthew Henry	After a storm comes a calm.
Matthew Henry	Sanctified afflictions are spiritual promotions.
Matthew Henry	Saying and doing are two things.
Matthew Henry	Better late than never.
Matthew Henry	Men of polite learning and a liberal education.
Matthew Henry	The better day, the worse deed.
Matthew Henry	They that die by famine die by inches.
Matthew Henry	Not lost, but gone before.
Maude Adams	Genius is the talent for seeing things straight.
Max Baer	He hit me 18 times while I was in the act of falling.
Max Cannon	People get really caught up in their own trips.
Max Cannon	You ever try to go a day without judgment?
Max Cannon	I wanted to be a painter.
Max Cannon	People are essentially red meat. They are.
Max Cannon	That's not so important to me, that time thing.
Max Eastman	A smile is the universal welcome.
Max Eastman	Dogs laugh, but they laugh with their tails.
Max Eastman	Humor is the instinct for taking pain playfully.
Max Irons	I don't look on the Internet; it's a world of pain.
Max Irons	As a child I'd get given parts as a tree.
Max Irons	My name has opened doors and slammed doors shut.
Max Irons	For me, comfort is paramount.
Max Irons	I think New York is more stylish than London.
Max Muller	The spring of love becomes hidden and soon filled up.
Maya Angelou	Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.
Maya Angelou	Nothing will work unless you do.
Megalyn Echikunwoke	We don't want to watch boring characters.
Megan Gallagher	And generally the shows I'm in fail really big.
Meister Eckhart	All God wants of man is a peaceful heart.
Meister Eckhart	Every creature is a word of God.
Meister Eckhart	The more we have the less we own.
Melinda Gates	All lives have an equal value.
Melinda Gates	I'm wholehearted about whatever I do.
Melinda Gates	We started this mostly from an intellectual place.
Melinda Gates	You can't save kids just with vaccines.
Melky Cabrera	When you are 20 years old, you are immature.
Mencius	Friendship is one mind in two bodies.
Mencius	Friends are the siblings God never gave us.
Mencius	Sincerity is the way to heaven.
Mencius	The great man is he who does not lose his child's-heart.
Mencius	We live, not as we wish to, but as we can.
Mencius	Mankind fears an evil man but heaven does not.
Mencius	Truth uttered before its time is always dangerous.
Mencius	Secure property in hand leads to peace in mind.
Mencius	The great man is he who does not lose his child's heart.
Merle Haggard	I'm just writin' about my little ol' love affair.
Merle Haggard	No, I had a back injury early on in my life.
Merle Haggard	I've got two families.
Mia Farrow	I took a long period off to be a mom.
Mia Hamm	Follow your heart and make it your decision.
Mia Hamm	Success breeds success.
Mia Hamm	I don't like to play rough, but I will if I have to.
Mia Hamm	It is more difficult to stay on top than to get there.
Mia Hamm	It is not sacrifice if you love what you're doing.
Michael Ealy	Any time you audition and get it, you earned it.
Michael Eisner	Nobody has a bigger cult than Warren Buffett.
Michael Eisner	There's no good idea that can't be improved on.
Michael Eisner	If it's not growing, it's going to die.
Michael Eklund	I like playing characters with internal problems.
Michael Fassbender	Nobody wants to hear Metallica at lunchtime.
Michael Feldman	I was always a fan of Groucho Marx as a kid.
Michael Feldman	I was the class innuendist.
Michael Ignatieff	All war aims for impunity.
Michael Ironside	I basically was a precocious little kid.
Michael Ironside	I want to make smart television.
Michael Irvin	I'm no superman.
Michael Irvin	I am the original... Those are my disciples.
Michael Irvin	I am not a player anymore.
Michael Isikoff	No, I did not offer to resign for a second.
Michael Jackson	My mother's wonderful. To me she's perfection.
Michael Jackson	I'm happy to be alive, I'm happy to be who I am.
Michael Jordan	Just play. Have fun. Enjoy the game.
Michael Jordan	There is no 'i' in team but there is in win.
Michael Jordan	Limits, like fear, is often an illusion.
Michel de Montaigne	One may be humble out of pride.
Michelangelo	I am still learning.
Michelangelo	There is no greater harm than that of time wasted.
Michelangelo	Faith in oneself is the best and safest course.
Michelangelo	Genius is eternal patience.
Michelle Obama	Choose people who lift you up.
Mick Jagger	Lose your dreams and you might lose your mind.
Mick Jagger	Anarchy is the only slight glimmer of hope.
Mick Jagger	A good thing never ends.
Mick Jagger	I got nasty habits; I take tea at three.
Mick Jagger	Anything worth doing is worth overdoing.
Mick Jagger	I can't get no satisfaction.
Mick Jagger	My secrets must be poetic to be believable.
Miguel Angel Ruiz	Be impeccable with your word.
Miguel Angel Ruiz	Always do your best.
Miguel Angel Ruiz	Be Skeptical, but learn to listen.
Miguel Cabrera	If you go to a game nervous, you make a mistake.
Miguel Cabrera	I'm just trying to play my best and have fun.
Miguel Indurain	I did try to win a sixth, but it was not to be.
Miguel Indurain	I didn't feel I had to prove anything more.
Miguel de Cervantes	Absence, that common cure of love.
Miguel de Cervantes	There's no sauce in the world like hunger.
Miguel de Cervantes	Time ripens all things. No man is born wise.
Miguel de Icaza	I've never worked with the Java community.
Mike D	Real life is much stranger than fiction, man.
Mike Farrell	If you try to do your best there is no failure.
Mike Jackson	Everything starts and finishes with the soldier.
Mike Jackson	The Russians are a very sentimental people.
Mike Tyson	Everybody's got plans... until they get hit.
Mike Tyson	When you see me smash somebody's skull, you enjoy it.
Mikhail Bakunin	The freedom of all is essential to my freedom.
Milton Berle	If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
Milton Berle	Laughter is an instant vacation.
Milton Berle	I live to laugh, and I laugh to live.
Milton Friedman	There's no such thing as a free lunch.
Milton Friedman	Inflation is taxation without legislation.
Milton Friedman	Governments never learn. Only people learn.
Minnesota Fats	Paul Newman is not a very good pool player.
Minnesota Fats	No one on this Earth knows how old I am.
Minnesota Fats	I'm known clean around the Earth.
Mitch Hedberg	A waffle is like a pancake with a syrup trap.
Mitchell Baker	I grew up as an only child.
Mohamed ElBaradei	Democracy is not an instant coffee.
Mohamed ElBaradei	Threat is in the eye of the beholder.
Moliere	The trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit.
Moliere	One should eat to live, not live to eat.
Moliere	The duty of comedy is to correct men by amusing them.
Moliere	Grammar, which knows how to control even kings.
Moliere	Unreasonable haste is the direct road to error.
Moliere	I prefer a pleasant vice to an annoying virtue.
Moliere	It infuriates me to be wrong when I know I'm right.
Moliere	There are pretenders to piety as well as to courage.
Moliere	We die only once, and for such a long time.
Moliere	Love is often the fruit of marriage.
Moliere	If you suppress grief too much, it can well redouble.
Molière	I prefer an accommmodating vice to an obstinate virtue.
Molly Ivins	I never saw anything funnier than Texas politics.
Monty Hall	I've had it. I did 4,700 episodes. Isn't that enough?
Morgan Fairchild	I'm about as Baptist as you get in Hollywood.
Mortimer Adler	Love without conversation is impossible.
Mortimer Adler	We love even when our love is not requited.
Morton Feldman	No one has the Houdini school of composition.
Moses Hadas	I have read your book and much like it.
Mother Teresa	Intense love does not measure, it just gives.
Mother Teresa	Peace begins with a smile.
Muhammad Ali	Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee.
Muhammad Ali	The man who has no imagination has no wings.
Muhammad Ali Jinnah	Failure is a word unknown to me.
Muhammad Ali Jinnah	Expect the best, Prepare for the worst.
Muhammad Iqbal	Words, without power, is mere philosophy.
Naima Adedapo	Always stay true to yourselves.
Naima Adedapo	If my life was a song the title would be 'Naima'.
Naima Adedapo	I've been doing African dance all my life.
Nan Fairbrother	We are perverse creatures and never satisfied.
Naomi Campbell	My features are completely ethnic.
Naomi Campbell	I make a lot of money and I'm worth every cent.
Napoleon Bonaparte	Victory belongs to the most persevering.
Napoleon Bonaparte	A leader is a dealer in hope.
Napoleon Bonaparte	The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.
Napoleon Hill	The starting point of all achievement is desire.
Napoleon Hill	A goal is a dream with a deadline.
Napoleon Hill	Don't wait. The time will never be just right.
Napoleon I	From the sublime to the ridiculous is but a step.
Napoleon I	England is a nation of shopkeepers.
Napoleon I	A leader is a dealer in hope.
Napoleon I	An army marches on its stomach.
Natalie Imbruglia	I'm such a chameleon. I never get bored.
Natalie Imbruglia	Isolation is a big part of songwriting.
Natasha Hamilton	I love anything quiz related.
Nathan Hale	Shun all vice, especially card playing.
Nathaniel Hawthorne	Mountains are earth's undecaying monuments.
Nathaniel Hawthorne	Easy reading is damn hard writing.
Nathaniel Hawthorne	Sunlight is painting.
Nathaniel Hawthorne	A pure hand needs no glove to cover it.
Nathaniel Hawthorne	Life is made up of marble and mud.
Nathaniel Hawthorne	Moonlight is sculpture.
Naveen Jain	Stay focused on the mission.
Neil Innes	And Roger was crazy with his robots and everything.
Neil Innes	But mostly, I wrote songs and Viv wrote songs.
Neil Innes	I think most musicians do like to have a laugh.
Neil Jackson	People abusing their power makes me see red.
Nelson Mandela	It always seems impossible until its done.
Niall Ferguson	President Obama's biggest weakness is weakness.
Niccolo Machiavelli	Politics have no relation to morals.
Nicholson Baker	I've always thought of myself as shy.
Nicholson Baker	Rarely do pens go dry in restaurants.
Nick Cannon	My Vocation is my Vacation. I love what I do.
Nick Cannon	Real men change diapers!
Nick Cannon	I am a hopeless romantic, and so is my wife.
Nick Faldo	When it blows here, even the seagulls walk.
Nick Faldo	My time with my family is a priority.
Nicolas Boileau	A fool always finds a bigger fool to admire him.
Nicolas Cage	Every great story seems to begin with a snake.
Nicolas Cage	Everything we do impacts someone else's life.
Nicolas Cage	All of my characters have a glint of madness.
Nicolas Cage	How do you rebel in a family of rebels?
Nicole Eggert	Working out, for me, is sort of a meditation.
Nicole Kidman	I don't really make decisions, I go with the flow.
Nido Qubein	Change brings opportunity.
Nido Qubein	I only wish I had more time for fund raising.
Nigel Farage	It's amazing how ideas start out, isn't it?
Nigel Farage	I think that politics needs a bit of spicing up.
Nikita Khrushchev	Revolutions are the locomotives of history.
Nikki Haley	Everyone can have a bad day.
Nikki Haley	Contraception doesn't define a woman.
Nikki Haley	I'm a huge fan of women; I think we're great.
Nikki Haley	I'm not going to stop beating up on the unions.
Nikki Haley	I think any label is bad.
Nikki Haley	I think any label is bad. I'm more than a label.
Nikolai Gogol	What is utterly absurd happens in the world.
Nikos Kazantzakis	I hope for nothing. I fear nothing. I am free.
Nikos Kazantzakis	Everything in this world has a hidden meaning.
Nikos Kazantzakis	I expect nothing. I fear no one. I am free.
Nina Garcia	Putting on fierce boots is an instant pick-me-up.
Nina Hagen	I have my own strength.
Noel Gallagher	Great music is in the ear of the beholder.
Noel Gallagher	I don't live to work; I work to live.
Nomar Garciaparra	I love the game of baseball.
Norman Fell	Hollywood sucks. I've got the bruises to prove it.
Norman Vincent Peale	It's always too early to quit.
Noël Coward	Extraordinary how potent cheap music is.
Og Mandino	Do all things with love.
Og Mandino	Tomorrow is only found in the calendar of fools.
Ogden Nash	Candy Is dandy But liquor Is quicker.
Ogden Nash	One man's remorse is another man's reminiscence.
Ogden Nash	Women would rather be right than reasonable.
Oksana Baiul	I skate now for fun and to keep myself in shape.
Oksana Baiul	Actually I dance really well on the floor.
Oksana Baiul	Now, I don't make decisions as fast as I used to.
Oksana Baiul	Professional competitions are overrated.
Oliver Hazard Perry	We have met the enemy and they are ours.
Oliver Herford	Many are called but few get up.
Oliver Herford	A man is known by the silence he keeps.
Oliver Herford	Age, like distance lends a double charm.
Oliver Herford	Only the young die good.
Oliver Wendell Holmes	Certitude is not the test of certainty.
Oliver Wendell Holmes	Apology is only egotism wrong side out.
Olivia Munn	Everyone is just nicer to prettier people.
Olivia Munn	I have a dark sense of humor.
Olivia Munn	I literally hate working out.
Olivier Dahan	I don't read the critics.
Omar Khayyam	Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life.
Omar Khayyam	A loaf of bread, a jug of wine, and thou.
Omar Khayyam	A hair divides what is false and true.
Omar Khayyam	The thoughtful soul to solitude retires.
Oprah Winfrey	Where there is no struggle, there is no strength.
Oprah Winfrey	Turn your wounds into wisdom.
Oriana Fallaci	I am a danger to myself if I get angry.
Oriana Fallaci	Heroes can be sweet.
Oriana Fallaci	My soldier weapon is the weapon of truth.
Orison Swett Marden	A will finds a way.
Orson Scott Card	You who speak languages, you are such liars.
Orson Welles	The classy gangster is a Hollywood invention.
Oscar Hammerstein	All the sounds of the earth are like music.
Oscar Hammerstein II	The dearest things I know are what you are.
Oscar Hammerstein II	There is nothin' like a dame.
Oscar Hammerstein II	You've got to be taught to hate and fear.
Oscar Isaac	I grew up in a very devoutly Christian home.
Oscar Wilde	Women are made to be loved, not understood.
Oscar Wilde	Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
Oscar Wilde	True friends stab you in the front.
Oscar Wilde	All art is quite useless.
Oscar Wilde	Anybody can be good in the country.
Oscar Wilde	Only the shallow know themselves.
Otto Hahn	I felt profoundly ashamed, I was very much upset.
Otto von Bismarck	Politics is the art of the possible.
Ovid	All things change; nothing perishes.
Ovid	It is annoying to be honest to no purpose.
Ovid	Love is a kind of warfare.
Ovid	I can't live either without you or with you.
Owen Feltham	Meditation is the soul's perspective glass.
Owen Feltham	There is no one subsists by himself alone.
P. J. O'Rourke	Never fight an inanimate object.
P. J. O'Rourke	I am unboreable in the great outdoors.
P. J. O'Rourke	Any terrorism is an attack on libertarian values.
Pablo Picasso	Action is the foundational key to all success.
Pablo Picasso	It takes a long time to become young.
Pablo Picasso	Everything you can imagine is real.
Pablo Picasso	Good artists copy, great artists steal.
Pablo Picasso	Painting is just another way of keeping a diary.
Pablo Picasso	Youth has no age.
Pablo Picasso	Art is a lie that makes us realize truth.
Pablo Picasso	Love is the greatest refreshment in life.
Paloma Faith	I feel quite fearless protecting the people I love.
Paloma Faith	Curvy is something to be proud of.
Paloma Faith	I enjoy being a girl.
Patch Adams	Humor is an antidote to all ills.
Patrick Henry	Give me liberty or give me death.
Patrick Henry	Fear is the passion of slaves.
Patrick Henry	The great object is that every man be armed.
Patrick Henry	If this be treason, make the most of it!
Patrick J. Adams	Theater is a way to keep challenging myself.
Paul Cezanne	Art is a harmony parallel with nature.
Paul Cezanne	We live in a rainbow of chaos.
Paul Cezanne	Keep good company - that is, go to the Louvre.
Paul Cezanne	The awareness of our own strength makes us modest.
Paul Cezanne	With an apple I will astonish Paris.
Paul Daniels	You'll like this, not a lot, but you'll like it.
Paul Daniels	I am still working on patter and presentation.
Paul Dano	'Little Miss Sunshine' was really important to me.
Paul Dano	I am baffled by good writing.
Paul Dano	I love Brooklyn; it's a part of who you are.
Paul Dano	The only constant I can find is hard work.
Paul Gallagher	I'm in the facial-hair phase of my career.
Paul Gallico	Kittens can happen to anyone.
Paul Gascoigne	I never predict anything, and I never will.
Paul Goodman	Few great men could pass Personnel.
Paul Haggis	I miss my mother very, very much.
Paul Ince	I don't like publicity, being in the limelight.
Paul Stanley	I tend to fly a bit under the radar.
Paul Theroux	Travel is glamorous only in retrospect.
Paul Tillich	The first duty of love is to listen.
Paul Tillich	Faith is the state of being ultimately concerned.
Paul Tillich	There is no love which does not become help.
Paul Tillich	Boredom is rage spread thin.
Paul Tillich	Astonishment is the root of philosophy.
Paul Valéry	Politeness is organized indifference.
Paula Abdul	All you can do is the best you can do.
Paula Abdul	I am in Toronto, shooting a movie for NBC.
Paula Abdul	Everything is always a little surreal.
Paula Abdul	There are many talented people.
Paula Abdul	I'm happily single.
Paula Danziger	I wish I had had my books when I was a kid, I do.
Paula Danziger	Sometimes it's easier to show than it is to tell.
Paulo Coelho	The more violent the storm, the quicker it passes.
Pauly D	I've always been loud.
Pauly D	I love being on tour and having my own tour bus.
Pauly D	I will do 'Dancing with the Stars' when my career dips.
Pearl Bailey	No one can figure out your worth but you.
Pearl Bailey	You never find yourself until you face the truth.
Pearl Bailey	A crown, if it hurts us, is not worth wearing.
Pearl Bailey	You must change in order to survive.
Percy Bysshe Shelley	Familiar acts are beautiful through love.
Perry Farrell	Without game, men prey on each other.
Perry Farrell	Jimi Hendrix's music was escapism.
Perry Farrell	You have to take risks.
Peter Abelard	Logic has made me hated in the world.
Peter Ackroyd	Freud was just a novelist.
Peter Agre	Well, all life forms are dependent upon water.
Peter Capaldi	A little showbiz never hurt anyone.
Peter Capaldi	Real heroes are all around us and uncelebrated.
Peter Capaldi	I'm pretty good for an old geek.
Peter Drucker	The purpose of a business is to create a customer.
Peter Eisenman	Architects design houses. I live in a home.
Peter Eisenman	Architecture is definitely a political act.
Peter Eisenman	I was in Jungian analysis for 20 years, 1976-96.
Peter Falk	I'm just looking to get through the day.
Peter Falk	Usually, I get hired because I'm tall.
Peter Falk	I did do my own stunts.
Peter Farrelly	I know guys. I know the way they think.
Peter Farrelly	Usually, you can shoot a movie in 10 or 12 weeks.
Peter Gallagher	You can only be stupid when you're young.
Peter Gallagher	By year three, you get nicer, bigger trailers.
Peter Gallagher	I was probably 11 by the time I saw a movie.
Peter Garrett	And living in Australia I am relatively well off.
Peter Garrett	I haven't chosen to make an issue of faith.
Peter Garrett	The fact is that we take music very seriously.
Peter Hain	I was never Vice Chair of the Troops Out Movement.
Peter Jackson	Rivalry doesn't help anybody.
Peter Jackson	What I don't like are pompous, pretentious movies.
Peter Jackson	The vast majority of the CGI budget is labor.
Peter Ustinov	Laughter would be bereaved if snobbery died.
Petra Haden	I always related my favorite music to the movies.
Petrarch	A short cut to riches is to subtract from our desires.
Phil Daniels	Acting is my passion, and Chelsea FC is my hobby.
Phil Daniels	I'm famous for being a silky midfielder.
Phil Jackson	Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart.
Phil Jackson	Wisdom is always an overmatch for strength.
Phil Jackson	Your problems never cease. They just change.
Philip James Bailey	Respect is what we owe; love, what we give.
Philip James Bailey	Kindness is wisdom.
Philip James Bailey	Imagination is the air of mind.
Philip James Bailey	Envy's a coal comes hissing hot from Hell.
Philip James Bailey	The sole equality on earth is death.
Philip James Bailey	What men call accident is God's own part.
Philip James Bailey	Art is man's nature; nature is God's art.
Philip James Bailey	Music tells no truths.
Philip Johnson	Architecture is the art of how to waste space.
Philippe Falardeau	I work, play and do everything in French.
Philippe Quinault	It is not wise to be wiser than is necessary.
Phyllis Diller	A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.
Phyllis Diller	Housework can't kill you, but why take a chance?
Phyllis Diller	Best way to get rid of kitchen odors: Eat out.
Phyllis Diller	Aim high, and you won't shoot your foot off.
Phyllis Diller	His finest hour lasted a minute and a half.
Phyllis Diller	Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight.
Phyllis Diller	You know you're old if your walker has an airbag.
Pico Iyer	Hello Kitty will never speak.
Pierre Cardin	I have a name, I have to take advantage of it.
Pierre Cardin	My name is more important than myself.
Pierre Corneille	Guess if you can, choose if you dare.
Pierre Corneille	Do your duty, and leave the rest to the gods.
Pindar	Even wisdom has to yield to self-interest.
Plato	We are twice armed if we fight with faith.
Plato	The beginning is the most important part of the work.
Plato	A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers.
Plato	Ignorance, the root and stem of all evil.
Plato	Opinion is the medium between knowledge and ignorance.
Plato	He was a wise man who invented beer.
Plato	No law or ordinance is mightier than understanding.
Plato	Eveything that deceives may be said to enchant.
Plato	Man is a biped without feathers.
Plato	At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet.
Plautus	Man is no man, but a wolf.
Pliny the Elder	The only certainty is that nothing is certain.
Pliny the Elder	Nothing is more wretched or more proud than man.
Pliny the Elder	There is always something new out of Africa.
Plutarch	What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
Plutarch	Those who aim at great deeds must also suffer greatly.
Plutarch	To find fault is easy; to do better may be difficult.
Plutarch	The wildest colts make the best horses.
Plutarch	Neither blame or praise yourself.
Plutarch	Character is simply habit long continued.
Pooch Hall	I'm not ashamed; I work hard to look how I do.
Pope John Paul II	The future starts today, not tomorrow.
Pope Paul VI	A dimple on the chin, the devil within.
Pope Paul VI	If you want peace work for justice.
Pope Paul VI	Anger is as a stone cast into a wasp's nest.
Pope Paul VI	Never give advice in a crowd.
Pope Paul VI	The older the fiddler, the sweeter the tune.
Princess Diana	Family is the most important thing in the world.
Princess Diana	Only do what your heart tells you.
Princess Diana	Being a princess isn't all it's cracked up to be.
Princess Diana	Life is just a journey.
Princess Diana	When you are happy you can forgive a great deal.
Protagoras	Man is the measure of all things.
Publilius Syrus	Many receive advice, few profit by it.
Publilius Syrus	A fair exterior is a silent recommendation.
Publilius Syrus	Cruelty is fed, not weakened, by tears.
Publilius Syrus	When Fortune flatters, she does it to betray.
Publilius Syrus	Poverty wants much; but avarice, everything.
Publilius Syrus	No man is happy who does not think himself so.
Publilius Syrus	Life is short, but its ills make it seem long.
Publilius Syrus	It is a bad plan that admits of no modification.
Publilius Syrus	He sleeps well who knows not that he sleeps ill.
Pyrrhus	Another such victory over the Romans, and we are undone.
Queen Elizabeth II	Grief is the price we pay for love.
Queen Elizabeth II	I have to be seen to be believed.
Quentin Crisp	Vice is its own reward.
Quintilian	A liar needs a good memory.
R. Buckminster Fuller	Don't fight forces, use them.
R. Buckminster Fuller	God is a verb, not a noun.
R. Buckminster Fuller	Love is metaphysical gravity.
R. Buckminster Fuller	Truth is a tendency.
R. Buckminster Fuller	Either war is obsolete or men are.
Rabindranath Tagore	We live in the world when we love it.
Rabindranath Tagore	Facts are many, but the truth is one.
Rabindranath Tagore	Age considers; youth ventures.
Rahul Gandhi	India absorbs things; India's not a divisive place.
Rahul Gandhi	Millions of Indians are brimming with energy.
Rainer Maria Rilke	The only journey is the one within.
Ralph Abernathy	History will treat me right.
Ralph Abernathy	I loved Martin Luther King more than a brother.
Ralph Bakshi	Film has to describe and show.
Ralph Bakshi	You can't second-guess yourself as a filmmaker.
Ralph Hall	I've always been conservative. I was born that way.
Ralph Marston	Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude.
Ralph Marston	What you do today can improve all your tomorrows.
Ralph Marston	Excellence is not a skill, it's an attitude.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The only way to have a friend is to be one.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Always do what you are afraid to do.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Every artist was first an amateur.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The first wealth is health.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	It is not length of life, but depth of life.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The earth laughs in flowers.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Nobody can bring you peace but yourself.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	A man in debt is so far a slave.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Hitch your wagon to a star.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Art is a jealous mistress.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Never read any book that is not a year old.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Culture is one thing, and varnish another.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	To be great is to be misunderstood.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Nothing is more vulgar than haste.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Every hero becomes a bore at last.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	Invention breeds invention.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	All mankind love a lover.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	A nation never falls but by suicide.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	I hate quotations. Tell me what you know.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	The religions we call false were once true.
Ram Dass	Only that in you which is me can hear what I'm saying.
Ram Dass	Our plans never turn out as tasty as reality.
Ram Dass	If you think you're free, there's no escape possible.
Ram Dass	I can go all over the world with Skype.
Randy Bachman	My songs are like cheap Neil Young copies.
Randy Bachman	When I was five I had violin lessons.
Randy Jackson	I always say the greats just get better.
Randy Jackson	I'm actually a pretty good tennis player!
Randy Jackson	I'm still true to my Southern roots.
Randy Jackson	Figure out who you are.
Randy Jackson	I always wanted to be a leading man!
Randy Jackson	I believe that you should move and eat right.
Randy Jackson	I can't touch Simon anymore.
Randy Jackson	I don't want to be held down by genres so much.
Randy Jackson	I've sung background for a couple of bands.
Randy Jackson	If it's music, I love it.
Ray Dalio	Almost everything is like a machine.
Ray Dalio	Pull in your belt, spend less, and reduce debt.
Ray Dalio	Treat your life like a game.
Rebecca Ferguson	I don't really read books. Wish I did.
Rebecca Ferguson	I like to write poetry.
Rebecca Ferguson	I love getting dressed up.
Rebecca Ferguson	If you haven't got love, you've got nothing.
Rebecca Hall	I always look for contradiction in a character.
Rebecca Hall	If you act scared, your body produces adrenaline.
Rebecca Hall	I've played an awful lot of repressed people.
Rebecca Hall	As a child I loved ghost stories.
Rebecca Hall	I've always had horrible Valentine's Days.
Rebecca Hall	I don't like talking about myself, if I'm honest.
Rebecca Hall	I was a really pretentious teenager.
Rebecca Hall	I've never been desperate to please my father.
Rebecca Hall	It sounds trite, but I like telling stories.
Rebecca Hall	Lentil dhal is the only thing I can cook.
Rebecca Hall	My mum's American. She's from Detroit.
Rebecca Hall	No family is sane, is it?
Red Adair	With bombs and fires, you get only one mistake.
Reggie Jackson	Fans don't boo nobodies.
Reggie Jackson	Babe Ruth was great. I'm just lucky.
Reggie Jackson	I don't mind getting beaten, but I hate to lose.
Reggie Jackson	I am the best in baseball.
Reinhold Niebuhr	Forgiveness is the final form of love.
Renata Adler	Fear... is forward. No one is afraid of yesterday.
Renata Adler	Bored people, unless they sleep a lot, are cruel.
Rene Descartes	I think; therefore I am.
Rene Descartes	Perfect numbers like perfect men are very rare.
Rene Descartes	Everything is self-evident.
René Descartes	I think, therefore I am. ( Cogito, ergo sum. )
Rhys Ifans	I freely admit that I am a bit of a misfit.
Rhys Ifans	If I'd been a rock star, I'd probably now be dead.
Rhys Ifans	If it is not scary, it is not worth doing.
Rhys Ifans	Well, I need to be frightened on a regular basis.
Richard Adams	Our children's children will hear a good story.
Richard Bach	True love stories never have endings.
Richard Eberhart	Style is the perfection of a point of view.
Richard Farnsworth	I was a stunt man for 35 years.
Richard Grant White	… English is an almost grammarless language.
Richard Hammond	At home I drive an old Land Rover.
Richard Hammond	I'm not reckless. I was never reckless.
Richard Hammond	I'm a presenter.
Richard J. Daley	Power is dangerous unless you have humility.
Richard J. Daley	Good government is good politics.
Richard J. Daley	A newspaper is the lowest thing there is.
Richard M. Nixon	Well, I screwed it up real good, didn't I?
Rick Baker	It's fun doing new things.
Rick Baker	I do a lot of CG stuff for fun.
Rick Baker	I have always tried to stay current.
Rick Baker	I love making scary faces, that's just how I grew up.
Rick Danko	Also a portion of my sales go directly to Greenpeace.
Rick Danko	I am using soybean based ink, which is recyclable.
Rima Fakih	I'm Miss USA, not Miss Religion USA.
Rio Ferdinand	I didn't expect to be dropped by England.
Roald Dahl	To shipbrokers, coal was black gold.
Robert A. Heinlein	Sex without love is merely healthy exercise.
Robert Agostinelli	I'm a big believer in human nature.
Robert Anton Wilson	There is no complete theory of anything.
Robert Anton Wilson	A true initiation never ends.
Robert Anton Wilson	Belief is the death of intelligence.
Robert Baden-Powell	See things from the boy's point of view.
Robert Baldwin	I have a horror of not rising above mediocrity.
Robert Ballard	Don't confuse facts with reality.
Robert Ballard	The Titanic will protect itself.
Robert Ballard	I mean, technology is amoral. It has no morality.
Robert Ballard	I can't travel without Sudoku.
Robert Ballard	I am a geologist.
Robert Browning	Motherhood: All love begins and ends there.
Robert Browning	Every one soon or late comes round by Rome.
Robert Browning	Grow old with me! The best is yet to be.
Robert Browning	Love is energy of life.
Robert Browning	Ignorance is not innocence but sin.
Robert Browning	A minute's success pays the failure of years.
Robert Browning	Earth changes, but thy soul and God stand sure.
Robert Browning	Take away love and our earth is a tomb.
Robert Browning	My sun sets to rise again.
Robert Browning	Oh, to be in England Now that April's there.
Robert Browning	Any nose May ravage with impunity a rose.
Robert Burton	A good conscience is a continual feast.
Robert Capa	The pictures are there, and you just take them.
Robert Capa	The truth is the best picture, the best propaganda.
Robert Dallek	Unity is Obama's theme.
Robert Darnton	Texts are always in flux.
Robert E. Lee	The devil's name is dullness.
Robert Frost	Freedom lies in being bold.
Robert Frost	You can't get too much winter in the winter.
Robert Frost	The best way out is always through.
Robert Frost	I'm not confused. I'm just well mixed.
Robert Frost	Something there is that doesn't love a wall.
Robert G. Ingersoll	An honest god is the noblest work of man.
Robert H. Schuller	Tough times never last, but tough people do.
Robert H. Schuller	Turn your scars into stars.
Robert H. Schuller	It takes guts to get out of the ruts.
Robert H. Schuller	Winning starts with beginning.
Robert Half	Not admitting a mistake is a bigger mistake.
Robert Half	When one teaches, two learn.
Robert Half	Convincing yourself doesn't win an argument.
Robert Half	When your future arrives, will you blame your past?
Robert Half	Time spent on hiring is time well spent.
Robert Half	A ruler isn't always straight.
Robert Iler	Music is my life.
Robert Iler	I was always handsome under all the fat.
Robert Iler	I never, ever would or did rob anyone in my life.
Robert Iler	If you miss one day in physics, that's it.
Robert Indiana	I was the least Pop of all the Pop artists.
Robert Irwin	Gardening always has been an art, essentially.
Robert Jackson	We can afford no liberties with liberty itself.
Robert Kennedy	Now I can go back to being ruthless again.
Robert Kiyosaki	Confidence comes from discipline and training.
Robert Kiyosaki	Losers are people who are afraid of losing.
Robert Kiyosaki	Quitting is the easiest thing to do.
Robert Louis Stevenson	A friend is a gift you give yourself.
Robert Louis Stevenson	Wine is bottled poetry.
Robert Louis Stevenson	Every man has a sane spot somewhere.
Robert Louis Stevenson	To forget oneself is to be happy.
Robert M. Gates	Things have gotten so nasty in Washington.
Robert T. Bakker	Feathers predate birds.
Robert T. Bakker	I want to be the Bob DeNiro of the Jurassic.
Robert W. Service	A promise made is a debt unpaid.
Robert Walpole	All those men have their price.
Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa	I'm a huge Stephen King fan.
Robin Ince	I have faced up to what I am.
Robin Williams	I'm sorry, if you were right, I'd agree with you.
Robin Williams	Why do they call it rush hour when nothing moves?
Robin Williams	Spring is nature's way of saying, 'Let's party!'
Robin Williams	Comedy is acting out optimism.
Robin Williams	Carpe per diem - seize the check.
Roger Caras	Cats don't like change without their consent.
Roger Caras	I am as confounded by dogs as I am indebted to them.
Roger Daltrey	I hope I die before I get old.
Roger Daltrey	Fifty per cent of rock is having a good time.
Roger Daltrey	I don't care what people say about me.
Roger Daltrey	I'm not always the most diplomatic person.
Roger Federer	You know, I don't only play for the record books.
Roger Federer	I have learnt to be even more patient.
Roman Jakobson	When I speak it is in order to be heard.
Roman Polanski	I never made a film which fully satisfied me.
Roman Polanski	I still had some honor... I still have some now.
Roman Polanski	I did not have a reputation to defend.
Ron Eldard	I love Rob Schneider.
Ron White	You can't fix stupid.
Ron White	The next time you have a thought... let it go.
Ron White	Diamonds - that'll shut her up... for a minute!
Ron White	You wanna get the truth out of me, get me hammered.
Ronald Isley	God has been with me in my whole career.
Ronald Isley	I was put here to sing.
Ronald Isley	Stand up for what you know is right.
Ronald Reagan	We are never defeated unless we give up on God.
Ronald Reagan	A people free to choose will always choose peace.
Ronald Reagan	Life is one grand, sweet song, so start the music.
Ronald Reagan	Trust, but verify.
Rosa Parks	All I was doing was trying to get home from work.
Rosa Parks	Why do you all push us around?
Rose Kennedy	Life isn't a matter of milestones, but of moments.
Rose Kennedy	I'm one of the most fortunate people in the world.
Rose Kennedy	It is selfish to concern oneself with tragedies.
Rose Kennedy	No one will ever feel sorry for me.
Rose Kennedy	I am just an old-fashioned girl.
Roy Acuff	Don't be a blueprint. Be an original.
Roy Acuff	I don't owe one man one cent. Anywhere.
Rudyard Kipling	Heaven grant us patience with a man in love.
Rudyard Kipling	He travels the fastest who travels alone.
Rudyard Kipling	It's clever, but is it Art?
Rudyard Kipling	Everyone is more or less mad on one point.
Rudyard Kipling	An ounce of mother is worth a pound of clergy.
Rumi	Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.
Rumi	We are born of love; Love is our mother.
Russ Feingold	Money in politics is a huge issue.
Russ Feingold	I believe in local control of education.
Russ Feingold	I'm proud to be a Democrat.
Russ Feingold	Occupy Wall Street is a real movement.
Ryan Cabrera	Running with the wrong crowd will never help you.
Ryan Cabrera	I started playing guitar kind of by accident.
Ryan Cabrera	I got quite the college experience.
Ryan Eggold	Never stop taking risks. Just keep reaching.
Ryan Eggold	I'm just a guy who wears TOMS. It's the sad truth.
Ryan Eggold	If I couldn't act, I'd really love to try music.
Ryan Hall	You're going to have to bring your 'A' game.
Ryan Hall	I don't really study the guys that I'm racing against.
Ryan Hall	I race kind of sparingly.
Sade Adu	I just aspire to pick people up. That's my ambition.
Sade Adu	I don't get easily bored. I'm not that kind of person.
Sade Adu	I am a reluctant celebrity, in some ways.
Saint Augustine	Love is the beauty of the soul.
Saint Augustine	Patience is the companion of wisdom.
Saint Augustine	O Lord, help me to be pure, but not yet.
Saint Augustine	He that is jealous is not in love.
Saint Augustine	Will is to grace as the horse is to the rider.
Saint Augustine	Necessity has no law.
Saint Augustine	Obedience is in a way the mother of all virtues.
Saint Ignatius	Teach us to give and not to count the cost.
Saint Teresa of Avila	Be gentle to all and stern with yourself.
Saint Teresa of Avila	Don't let your sins turn into bad habits.
Saki	A little inaccuracy sometimes saves tons of explanation.
Salvador Dali	I don't do drugs. I am drugs.
Salvador Dali	Let my enemies devour each other.
Sam Abell	Essentially what photography is is life lit up.
Sam Rayburn	If you want to get along, go along.
Samina Baig	I am doing the mountain climbing to empower women.
Sammy Hagar	I didn't think I'd be around 30 years later.
Samuel Beckett	We are all born mad. Some remain so.
Samuel Beckett	I can't go on. I'll go on.
Samuel Beckett	You're on earth. There's no cure for that.
Samuel Beckett	Words are all we have.
Samuel Butler	Friendship is like money, easier made than kept.
Samuel Butler	Life is one long process of getting tired.
Samuel Butler	Life is not an exact science, it is an art.
Samuel Butler	Neither irony or sarcasm is argument.
Samuel Butler	Nobody shoots at Santa Claus.
Samuel Butler	It is tact that is golden, not silence.
Samuel Butler	The history of art is the history of revivals.
Samuel Butler	A hen is only an egg's way of making another egg.
Samuel Daniel	The stars that have most glory have no rest.
Samuel Daniel	The wise are above books.
Samuel Foote	Death and dice level all distinction.
Samuel Johnson	My dear friend, clear your mind of cant.
Samuel Johnson	Patriotism is the last refuge of the scoundrel.
Samuel Johnson	Words are but the signs of ideas.
Samuel Johnson	Every man is, or hopes to be, an idler.
Samuel Johnson	No man ever yet became great by imitation.
Samuel Johnson	Whoever envies another confesses his superiority.
Samuel Johnson	Language is the dress of thought.
Samuel Johnson	Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel.
Samuel Johnson	No man is a hypocrite in his pleasures.
Samuel Johnson	It is better to live rich than to  die  rich.
Samuel L. Jackson	I love comic books and I love anime.
Sandy Adams	I'm pretty sure I'm not at war with myself.
Sandy Adams	I'm an average citizen and always have been.
Sante D'Orazio	I try to find the picture, not create it.
Sante D'Orazio	I had been, to the age of 25, a bookworm.
Sara Teasdale	Beauty more than bitterness Makes the heart break.
Sarah Ferguson	I really miss Diana. I loved her so much.
Sarah Gadon	It's mostly directors whom I get starstruck around.
Sarah Orne Jewett	Tact is after all a kind of mind reading.
Sarah Wayne Callies	Well, I do lie for a living. I'm an actor.
Sarah Wayne Callies	An actor without an audience is rehearsing.
Saskia de Brauw	I've been 6 ft. 2 ins. since I was 13.
Satchel Paige	If a man can beat you, walk him.
Satchel Paige	Avoid fried foods, which angry up the blood.
Satchel Paige	I was born in August, no July, 1908.
Satchel Paige	It's funny what a few no-hitters do for a body.
Satchel Paige	Avoid running at all times.
Scott Adams	Nothing inspires forgiveness quite like revenge.
Scott Adams	The best things in life are silly.
Scott Adkins	I prefer to play the villain or the antihero.
Scott Baio	Life is too short no matter what party you are with.
Scott Baio	I've been very fortunate and I am grateful.
Scott Caan	I liked being in the spotlight.
Scott Caan	I knew whatever I did, it was going to be big.
Scott Caan	I never planned on being a plumber.
Scott Caan	Men should have rough hands and be strong.
Scott Caan	I wake up at 5 a.m. every day and go to bed early.
Scott Caan	I can't sit still for 10 minutes.
Scott Caan	But with writing, all you need is a pad of paper.
Scott Caan	I was a scam artist in high school for a while.
Scott Caan	I was raised right. I dig who I am.
Scott Eastwood	My old man is a man of few words.
Scott Hamilton	The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
Scott Ian	Why would heavy metal ever go away?
Scott Ian	Frank Zappa... was Beethoven for insane rock guys.
Sean Combs	If you dream and you believe, you can do it.
Sean Combs	It's okay to be crazy, but don't be insane.
Sean Faris	I hate the polo collar.
Sean Faris	I hate junk food. It depresses me.
Sebastian Bach	Maybe one day I can have a reunion with myself.
Sebastian Bach	I would play with Guns n' Roses anytime.
Sebastian Bach	I am the man who put the hair in hair metal.
Sebastian Bach	Metal is still the biggest music now in America.
Sebastian Bach	Nobody wants a fat lead singer.
Seneca	Old age is an incurable disease.
Seneca	The hour which gives us life begins to take it away.
Seneca	Successful and fortunate crime is called virtue.
Seneca	Drunkenness is nothing but voluntary madness.
Seneca	Fate leads the willing and drags along the unwilling.
Seneca	There is no great genius without some touch of madness.
Seneca	To greed, all nature is insufficient.
Seneca	Laws do not persuade because they threaten.
Seneca	The first art of a monarch is the power to endure hatred.
Seneca	Things that were hard to bear are sweet to remember.
Seneca	He is most powerful who has power over himself.
Seneca	Man is a social animal.
Seneca	A great fortune is a great slavery.
Serge Gainsbourg	I've succeeded at everything except my life.
Shai Agassi	Israel is my past. My two boys are my future.
Shakespeare	Action is eloquence.
Shakespeare	When the age is in, the wit is out.
Shakespeare	A horse! a horse! my kingdom for a horse!
Shakespeare	Et tu, Brute!
Shakespeare	The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose.
Shakespeare	There's small choice in rotten apples.
Shakespeare	Thus conscience does makes cowards of us all.
Shakespeare	Courage mounteth with occasion.
Shakespeare	Modest doubt is call'd The beacon of the wise.
Shakespeare	O heaven! were man But constant, he were perfect.
Shakespeare	Sweets grown common lose their dear delight.
Shakespeare	The fashion wears out more apparel than the man.
Shakespeare	Present fears Are less than horrible imaginings.
Shakespeare	Lord, what fools these mortals be!
Shakespeare	The lady doth protest too much, methinks.
Shakespeare	I were but little happy, if I could say how much.
Shakespeare	Too swift arrives as tardy as too slow.
Shakespeare	Wisely and slow; they stumble that run fast.
Shakespeare	I do desire we may be better strangers.
Shakespeare	One may smile, and smile, and be a villain.
Shakespeare	There's daggers in men's smiles.
Shakespeare	The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers.
Shakespeare	Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown.
Shakespeare	Praising what is lost Makes the remembrance dear.
Shakespeare	The course of true love never did run smooth.
Shakespeare	Though this be madness, yet there is method in't.
Shakespeare	Nothing emboldens sin so much as mercy.
Shakespeare	One touch of nature makes the whole world kin.
Shakespeare	The nature of bad news infects the teller.
Shakespeare	It is a wise father that knows his own child.
Shakespeare	What's past is prologue.
Shakespeare	I will praise any man that will praise me.
Shakespeare	Past and to come seems best; things present worst.
Shakespeare	The better part of valor is discretion.
Shakespeare	Our foster-nurse of nature is repose.
Shakespeare	Society is no comfort To one not sociable.
Shakespeare	Misery acquaints a man with strange bed-fellows.
Shakespeare	Frailty, thy name is woman!
Shannon Elizabeth	I'm pretty instinctive. I'm a quick learner.
Shannon Elizabeth	I'm not doing any more nudity.
Shannon Elizabeth	I watch every reality show out there.
Shannon Elizabeth	I'm a big country fan.
Shannon Elizabeth	I'm a TV junkie.
Shanola Hampton	There is no justification for having an affair.
Shanola Hampton	I do like adrenaline. Zip-lining is my favorite.
Shanola Hampton	I'm a TV addict.
Shanola Hampton	I'm such a workaholic.
Sheena Easton	Disco is just pop music you can dance to.
Sheena Easton	I'd love to a duet with Luther Vandross.
Sheena Easton	I'm a terrible dancer. The worst.
Sheena Easton	I'm definitely a pop artist at heart.
Sheena Easton	I'm just passionately in love with my kids.
Sheldon Jackson	The night cometh when no man can work.
Shelley Fabares	We need to appreciate how precious life is.
Shelley Fabares	I had to have a complete liver transplant.
Sherilyn Fenn	Harrison Ford... I love him. He's a man's man.
Sherwood Eddy	Faith is reason grown courageous.
Sherwood Eddy	Faith is not contrary to reason.
Shirin Ebadi	Lawyers have a dangerous job in Iran.
Shirley Jackson	I delight in what I fear.
Shohreh Aghdashloo	Cinema is a reflection of its own society.
Shohreh Aghdashloo	I do fairly represent Middle Eastern women.
Sholom Aleichem	Gossip is nature's telephone.
Sholom Aleichem	No one knows whom the shoe pinches - no one.
Sibel Edmonds	I see people detained for simple INS violations.
Sid Caesar	If I don't believe it, I don't care.
Sid Caesar	When we could split the screen, it was like 'Wow!'.
Sid Caesar	Every language has its own music.
Sigmar Gabriel	We need a greening of globalisation.
Sigmund Freud	Time spent with cats is never wasted.
Sigmund Freud	Neurosis is the inability to tolerate ambiguity.
Sigmund Freud	If you can't do it, give up!
Sigmund Freud	Where id was, there ego shall be.
Sigmund Freud	Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar.
Sigmund Freud	Anatomy is destiny.
Sigrid Agren	I wish I could sing or play an instrument.
Silius Italicus	Virtue herself is her own fairest reward.
Silius Italicus	Make haste! The tide of Fortune soon ebbs.
Simeon Strunsky	Famous remarks are very seldom quoted correctly.
Simin Daneshvar	Mourning is not forbidden, you know.
Simon Baker	As a kid I was always a bit of a clown, a performer.
Simon Baker	I need some challenges in love or I'm bored.
Simon Baker	My life is pretty hectic, but I'm really into it.
Simon Baker	I do have a lot of Australian friends.
Simon Baker	I don't like fancy fiddly girlie stuff.
Simon Callow	I don't have any big regrets.
Simon Callow	I'd like to direct more operas.
Simone Weil	The future is made of the same stuff as the present.
Simone Weil	All sins are attempts to fill voids.
Simone de Beauvoir	One is not born a woman, but becomes one.
Simone de Beauvoir	All oppression creates a state of war.
Simone de Beauvoir	One is not born, but rather becomes, a woman.
Simone de Beauvoir	One is not born a woman, one becomes one.
Sinclair Lewis	Winter is not a season, it's an occupation.
Siobhan Fahey	The ultimate revenge is being on Top Of The Pops.
Siobhan Fahey	I've always been an outsider; a displaced person.
Siobhan Fahey	Fashion goes round in circles.
Siobhan Fahey	I'm quite repulsed by the diva type.
Sir Walter Raleigh	Fain would I climb, yet fear I to fall.
Socrates	The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
Socrates	Be as you wish to seem.
Socrates	Beware the barrenness of a busy life.
Socrates	Wisdom begins in wonder.
Socrates	From the deepest desires often come the deadliest hate.
Socrates	Let him that would move the world first move himself.
Socrates	The unexamined life is not worth living.
Socrates	True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.
Socrates	Once made equal to man, woman becomes his superior.
Socrates	Death may be the greatest of all human blessings.
Solomon Ibn Gabirol	The beginning of wisdom is to desire it.
Solon	Nothing in excess.
Sophocles	Success is dependent on effort.
Sophocles	Who seeks shall find.
Sophocles	Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness.
Sophocles	Not knowing anything is the sweetest life.
Sophocles	Always desire to learn something useful.
Sophocles	To be doing good deeds is man's most glorious task.
Sophocles	Rather fail with honor than succeed by fraud.
Sophocles	Trust dies but mistrust blossoms.
Sophocles	There is no success without hardship.
Sophocles	A human being is only breath and shadow.
Sophocles	There is no greater evil than anarchy.
Sophocles	Old age and the passage of time teach all things.
Sophocles	A man growing old becomes a child again.
Sophocles	Quick decisions are unsafe decisions.
Sophocles	Reason is God's crowning gift to man.
Sophocles	Profit is sweet, even if it comes from deception.
Sophocles	No enemy is worse than bad advice.
Sophocles	Without labor nothing prospers.
Sophocles	Children are the anchors of a mother's life.
Sophocles	Nobody loves life like him that's growing old.
Sophocles	To him who is afraid everything rustles.
Sophocles	Kindness is ever the begetter of kindness.
Sophocles	Nobody likes the bringer of bad news.
Soren Kierkegaard	Don't forget to love yourself.
Soren Kierkegaard	Once you label me you negate me.
Soren Kierkegaard	Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom.
Sri Mulyani Indrawati	I am still an Indonesian citizen.
Stanislaw Lec	Is it progress if a cannibal uses knife and fork?
Stanley Baldwin	War would end if the dead could return.
Stefan Banach	Mathematics is as old as Man.
Stefan Edberg	I'm always being realistic.
Stefan Edberg	A win is a win.
Stefano Gabbana	To me, flowers are happiness.
Stefano Gabbana	I don't have the time to be bored.
Stefano Gabbana	In life you need to take a risk.
Stefano Gabbana	Customers are very demanding and well informed.
Stefano Gabbana	I am a serious guy.
Stefano Gabbana	I'm a man, I'm not just a fashion designer.
Stefano Gabbana	My mum is totally crazy for fashion still.
Stella Adler	Your talent is in your choice.
Stella Adler	The play is not in the words, it's in you!
Stella Benson	Call no man foe, but never love a stranger.
Stephen Cambone	Our focus is on outputs rather than inputs.
Stephen Covey	Strength lies in differences, not in similarities.
Stephen Covey	Accountability breeds response-ability.
Stephen Gardiner	What people want, above all, is order.
Stephen Gardiner	Human requirements are the inspiration for art.
Stephen Hadley	Pakistan is an old ally of the United States.
Stephen Hawking	Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change.
Stephen Hawking	Life would be tragic if it weren't funny.
Stephen King	Fiction is the truth inside the lie.
Steve Ballmer	I have never, honestly, thrown a chair in my life.
Steve Ballmer	Accessible design is good design.
Steve Ballmer	We will make our products work out of the box.
Steve Earle	If I can get Me out of the way, I can do anything.
Steve Earle	My audience is, you know, pinkos in big cities.
Steve Earle	Having a child at 55... that's optimism.
Steve Garvey	Baseball is the life.
Steve Hackett	Love's stronger than fear and death.
Steve Irwin	Crikey means gee whiz, wow!
Steve Jobs	Stay hungry, stay foolish.
Steve Martin	A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.
Steve Martin	Love is a promise delivered already broken.
Steve Prefontaine	What I want is to be number one.
Steve Prefontaine	I run to see who has the most guts.
Steve Prefontaine	Nobody likes tainted victories.
Steven Adler	I'm not gonna be a slave. I'm a rock n' roller.
Steven Wright	What's another word for Thesaurus?
Steven Wright	I intend to live forever. So far, so good.
Stevie Jackson	I'm as Scottish as they come.
Stevie Jackson	I'm the guitar player in Belle & Sebastian.
Stonewall Jackson	Never take counsel of your fears.
Suheir Hammad	Life is a right, not collateral or casual.
Sun Tzu	Pretend inferiority and encourage his arrogance.
Susan B. Anthony	Independence is happiness.
Susan B. Anthony	Failure is impossible.
Susan B. Anthony	Suffrage is the pivotal right.
Susan Cain	I use a lot of old-fashioned expressions.
Susie Orbach	Fat Is a Feminist Issue.
Suzanne Farrell	I learned to love dance for its own sake.
Suzanne Farrell	I was very much of a tomboy.
Sydney Smith	Praise is the best diet for us, after all.
Sylvia Earle	No water, no life. No blue, no green.
T. D. Jakes	I don't dislike anybody. I love everybody.
T. S. Eliot	Home is where one starts from.
T. S. Eliot	I have measured out my life with coffee spoons.
T. S. Eliot	You are the music while the music lasts.
T. S. Eliot	Anxiety is the hand maiden of creativity.
T. S. Eliot	Where there is no temple there shall be no homes.
T. S. Eliot	Immature poets imitate; mature poets steal.
T.S. Eliot	In my beginning is my end.
T.S. Eliot	… human kind cannot bear very much reality.
Tacitus	Love of fame is the last thing even the wise give up.
Tacitus	The illicit has an added charm.
Tacitus	Rumor is not always wrong.
Tacitus	The gods are on the side of the stronger.
Tacitus	A bad peace is even worse than war.
Tacitus	They make a desert and call it peace.
Tallulah Bankhead	There is less in this than meetsthe eye.
Tamara Ecclestone	Formula One has been the backdrop of my life.
Tamara Ecclestone	I enjoy shopping and going on holiday.
Tamara Feldman	I don't feel famous.
Tammy Baldwin	Americans are not saving enough for retirement.
Tammy Faye Bakker	You don't have to be dowdy to be a Christian.
Tammy Faye Bakker	I shop, therefore I am.
Tamsin Egerton	Acting is an aesthetic career, which is annoying.
Tamsin Egerton	I'm not a flying fan. I can't bear it.
Tarja Halonen	Nuclear power is not a miracle key for the future.
Taylor Caldwell	I have been the victim of heartless malice.
Taylor Caldwell	The world is a penal institution.
Taylor Caldwell	Are we not all desperate one way or another?
Taylor Caldwell	The feeble soul merely whines and complains.
Taylor Caldwell	At 8, I made a pact with God.
Taylor Caldwell	Character, I am sure, lies in the genes.
Taylor Hackford	An actor has to embody a role.
Taylor Hackford	I make films about working class people.
Taylor Hackford	It's much easier to work with an unknown.
Tecumseh	Show respect to all people, but grovel to none.
Ted Baillieu	A week is a long time in politics.
Ted Danson	I am forever grateful for 'Cheers.'
Tennessee Williams	Success and failure are equally disastrous.
Tennessee Williams	Luck is believing you're lucky.
Tennessee Williams	All good art is an indiscretion.
Tennessee Williams	To be free is to have achieved your life.
Terence	Fortune favors the brave.
Terence	I am a man; and nothing human is foreign to me.
Terence	So many men, so many opinions.
Teri Garr	MS doesn't define who I am.
Teri Garr	Seventy-five percent of MS sufferers are women.
Teri Garr	There's always going to be somebody worse off than me.
Tertullian	It is certain because it is impossible.
Thayer David	As an actor, I was just satisfied to work.
The Edge	U2 albums never get finished. They just get released.
The Notorious B.I.G.	You gotta mature, you know.
Theodor Adorno	Horror is beyond the reach of psychology.
Theodor Adorno	There is no love that is not an echo.
Theodor Adorno	Wrong life cannot be lived rightly.
Theodore Roosevelt	Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Theodore Roosevelt	Nine-tenths of wisdom is being wise in time.
Thomas A. Edison	There is no substitute for hard work.
Thomas A. Edison	There's a way to do it better - find it.
Thomas A. Edison	Discontent is the first necessity of progress.
Thomas A. Edison	Great ideas originate in the muscles.
Thomas Aquinas	The things that we love tell us what we are.
Thomas Aquinas	Love takes up where knowledge leaves off.
Thomas Aquinas	Beware of the person of one book.
Thomas Browne	The long habit of living indisposeth us for dying.
Thomas Campbell	To bear is to conquer our fate.
Thomas Campbell	What millions died that Caesar might be great!
Thomas Campbell	And muse on Nature with a poet's eye.
Thomas Campbell	Tomorrow let us do or die!
Thomas Campion	Follow thy fair sun, unhappy shadow.
Thomas Carlyle	A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge.
Thomas Carlyle	Music is well said to be the speech of angels.
Thomas Carlyle	Endurance is patience concentrated.
Thomas Carlyle	Every noble work is at first impossible.
Thomas Carlyle	No pressure, no diamonds.
Thomas Carlyle	France was long a despotism tempered by epigrams.
Thomas Carlyle	Speech is of Time, Silence is of Eternity.
Thomas Chandler Haliburton	Punctuality is the soul of business.
Thomas D'Urfey	The worth of a thing is known by its want.
Thomas Dekker	O what a heaven is love! O what a hell!
Thomas Drummond	Property has its duties as well as its rights.
Thomas Edward Brown	A Garden is a lovesome thing, God wot!
Thomas Fuller	Health is not valued till sickness comes.
Thomas Fuller	All things are difficult before they are easy.
Thomas Fuller	Absence sharpens love, presence strengthens it.
Thomas Fuller	It is madness for sheep to talk peace with a wolf.
Thomas Fuller	One that would have the fruit must climb the tree.
Thomas Fuller	Great hopes make great men.
Thomas Fuller	With foxes we must play the fox.
Thomas Fuller	A lie has no leg, but a scandal has wings.
Thomas Fuller	A wise man turns chance into good fortune.
Thomas Fuller	Charity begins at home, but should not end there.
Thomas Fuller	Good bargains are pick-pockets.
Thomas Fuller	Nothing is good or bad but by comparison.
Thomas Fuller	The mob has many heads, but no brains.
Thomas Fuller	Zeal without knowledge is fire without light.
Thomas Fuller	A good example is the best sermon.
Thomas Fuller	Nothing costs so much as what is given us.
Thomas Fuller	The Devil himself is good, when he is pleased.
Thomas Fuller	Great and good are seldom the same man.
Thomas Fuller	Seeing's believing, but feeling's the truth.
Thomas Fuller	If it were not for Hopes, the Heart would break.
Thomas Fuller	Nothing sharpens sight like envy.
Thomas Fuller	Praise makes good men better and bad men worse.
Thomas Gold Appleton	Good Americans, when they die, go to Paris.
Thomas Gray	… where ignorance is bliss, 'Tis folly to be wise.
Thomas Gray	Sorrow never comes too late.
Thomas Hardy	A lover without indiscretion is no lover at all.
Thomas Huxley	Science commits suicide when it adopts a creed.
Thomas Jefferson	We never repent of having eaten too little.
Thomas Jefferson	Delay is preferable to error.
Thomas Mann	It is love, not reason, that is stronger than death.
Thomas Merton	Perhaps I am stronger than I think.
Thomas Merton	When ambition ends, happiness begins.
Thomas Moore	Earth has no sorrow that Heaven cannot heal.
Thomas Otway	Justice is lame as well as blind, amongst us.
Thomas Paine	Lead, follow, or get out of the way.
Thomas Paine	Character is much easier kept than recovered.
Thomas Paine	The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
Thomas Paine	These are the times that try men's souls.
Thomas Paine	Time makes more converts than reason.
Thomas Shadwell	Every man loves what he is good at.
Thomas Wolfe	You Can't Go Home Again.
Thomas à Kempis	How quickly passes away the glory of this world.
Thomas à Kempis	Man proposes, but God disposes.
Thornton Wilder	An incinerator is a writer's best friend.
Thornton Wilder	If I wasn't an actor, I'd be a secret agent.
Thornton Wilder	Pride, avarice, and envy are in every home.
Tito Jackson	I was always a closet blues player.
Tokugawa Ieyasu	Patience means restraining one's inclinations.
Tom Baker	I was never really happy until I became 'Doctor Who'.
Tom Baker	Most drama in our lives is really rather squalid.
Tom Baker	I am a one success man.
Tom Baker	I think people can believe in anything.
Tom Baker	I don't watch television. I know better than that.
Tom Feeney	No taxation without respiration.
Tom Felton	I like geography. I like to know where places are.
Tom Felton	I like to fish. Fishing is always a way of relaxing.
Tom Stoppard	Maturity is a high price to pay for growing up.
Tom T. Hall	I love winners when they cry, losers when they try.
Tom T. Hall	I was quite a reader before I became a writer.
Tom T. Hall	I am a fan of history.
Tom T. Hall	I never hid out. I was never big enough a star.
Tommaso Campanella	The world is a living image of God.
Tommy Davidson	I do so many roles, I can't be typecast.
Toni Cade Bambara	Revolution begins with the self, in the self.
Toni Cade Bambara	It's a dismally lonely business, writing.
Toni Cade Bambara	The most effective way to do it, is to do it.
Tony Abbott	Climate change is crap.
Tony Danza	Don't try too hard to be young. Be who you are.
Tony Danza	We did 112 shows and had 112 parties.
Tony Fadell	I don't want the iPod to be my defining thing.
Tony Hale	The only bipartisan place in D.C. is Brooks Brothers.
Toyo Ito	We have to base architecture on the environment.
Trace Adkins	I don't do the same show on any two nights.
Trick Daddy	I been in this game a long time.
Trick Daddy	Some people around you don't mean you good.
Trick Daddy	I don't have problems with nobody, period.
Triple H	I get meals when I can, or I have protein shakes.
Triple H	Hollywood's great, but wrestling is my first love.
Troy Garity	As a painter, it seemed easier to sort of disappear.
Troy Garity	I don't think about the Fonda legacy much.
Troy Garity	I look a lot like my father when he was my age.
Troy Garity	I work out, but not like I should.
Truman Capote	Love, having no geography, knows no boundaries.
Truman Capote	That isn't writing at all, it's typing.
Truman Capote	I can see every monster as they come in.
Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj	Corruption is a true enemy to development.
Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj	Real progress comes from people.
Tulsi Gabbard	As a combat veteran, I know the cost of war.
Tupac Shakur	Reality is wrong. Dreams are for real.
Tupac Shakur	Is it a crime, to fight, for what is mine?
Tupac Shakur	The only time I have problems is when I sleep.
Tupac Shakur	We all gonna die, we bleed from similar veins.
Tupac Shakur	Thug Life to me is dead.
Tupac Shakur	In my mind I'm a blind man doin' time.
Tupac Shakur	If you believe in God, believe in Death Row East.
Tupac Shakur	I'm a reflection of the community.
Tyler Farr	I'm a romantic at heart.
Tyler Farr	I'm just like my fans, and that's the way I like it.
Tyne Daly	Sweat makes good friendship cement.
Tyne Daly	I don't have a waist: I'm a breadbox on top of legs.
Tyne Daly	My job always is to play a person, not to judge her.
Umberto Eco	Translation is the art of failure.
Umberto Eco	I have lost the freedom of not having an opinion.
Ursula K. Le Guin	What is more arrogant than honesty?
Uta Hagen	I'm a bad liar; I don't know what to say backstage.
Uta Hagen	I have disassociated myself from that book.
Uta Hagen	Awards don't really mean much.
Uzo Aduba	I love physicality. I love movement very much.
Uzo Aduba	I'll definitely wear orange on the red carpet!
Valentino Garavani	I love my beauty. It's not my fault.
Valentino Garavani	I like things simple.
Valentino Garavani	I am always locked in my design studio.
Vanessa Ferlito	I do yoga; I'm pretty dedicated.
Vanessa Ferlito	I have to be honest - I don't love guns.
Vanessa Ferrari	The Ferrari is a beautiful car. It's great.
Vanilla Ice	Show me a smile, and I'll show you one back.
Vanna Bonta	Sex in space is not just a good idea, it's survival.
Vanna Bonta	Cinnamon bites and kisses simultaneously.
Vanna Bonta	Thought makes reality.
Vanna Bonta	You have to know you can first. How comes later.
Vera Farmiga	In the quiet moments, the discoveries are made.
Vera Farmiga	I think maybe I was a shepherdess in a past life.
Vera Farmiga	Music is what our feelings sound like.
Vicente del Bosque	A leader is admired, a boss is feared.
Victor Garber	I'm very serious about acting.
Victor Garber	You can only do so much theatre.
Victor Hugo	He who opens a school door, closes a prison.
Victor Hugo	Life is the flower for which love is the honey.
Victor Hugo	Perseverance, secret of all triumphs.
Victor Hugo	Virtue has a veil, vice a mask.
Victor Hugo	To love beauty is to see light.
Victor Hugo	There is nothing like a dream to create the future.
Victor Hugo	Nothing awakens a reminiscence like an odor.
Victor Kiam	Procrastination is opportunity's assassin.
Victor Kiam	Information is a negotiator's greatest weapon.
Victoria Abril	The director had come to Madrid to court me.
Victoria Abril	I'd heard it was dangerous to walk around Miami.
Victoria Abril	I really wanted to work and become independent.
Victoria Abril	I didn't go to school a lot.
Victoria Abril	My first vocation was dance.
Victoria Jackson	Sometimes I like to vent.
Victoria Jackson	I think abortion is murder.
Victoria Jackson	I always wanted to be on a sitcom.
Victoria Jackson	I cried when I heard Johnny Carson died.
Vidya Balan	I could live in a sari; I was born to wear a sari.
Vidya Balan	Thumbs up to the buxom woman. Size zero is boring!
Viktor E. Frankl	What is to give light must endure burning.
Viktor E. Frankl	Fear may come true that which one is afraid of.
Viktor E. Frankl	A human being is a deciding being.
Vince Cable	I am a bit of a lefty on some issues.
Vince Lombardi	Winners never quit and quitters never win.
Vince Lombardi	Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing.
Vince Lombardi	Winning is not everything, but wanting to win is.
Vincent D'Onofrio	I've never tried to be something I'm not.
Vincent Van Gogh	I dream of painting and then I paint my dream.
Vincent Van Gogh	The way to know life is to love many things.
Vincent Van Gogh	I wish they would only take me as I am.
Vincent Van Gogh	Conscience is a man's compass.
Vir Das	Comedy comes from confusion.
Vir Das	Time management is the mantra of my life.
Virgil	They succeed, because they think they can.
Virgil	Fortune favours the bold.
Virgil	Time is flying never to return.
Virgil	All our sweetest hours fly fastest.
Virgil	Time passes irrevocably.
Virgil	Love conquers all.
Virgil	Hug the shore; let others try the deep.
Virgil	They can conquer who believe they can.
Virgil	It never troubles the wolf how many the sheep may be.
Virgil	Every calamity is to be overcome by endurance.
Virgil	Fate will find a way.
Virgil	Time flies never to be recalled.
Virgil	Trust not too much to appearances.
Virgil	Endure the present, and watch for better things.
Virgil	Fear is proof of a degenerate mind.
Virgil	The only safety for the conquered is to expect no safety.
Virgil	There's a snake lurking in the grass.
Virgil	Go forth a conqueror and win great victories.
Virgil	None but himself can be his parallel.
Virgil	Fortune favors the bold.
Virgil	They can because they think they can.
Virgil	The descent to Avernus is easy.
Virgil	Love conquers all things; let us too surrender to Love.
Virgil	I fear the Greeks even when they bring gifts.
Virgil	Time speeds away irretrievably.
Virginia Woolf	You cannot find peace by avoiding life.
Virginia Woolf	Language is wine upon the lips.
Virginia Woolf	For most of history, Anonymous was a woman.
Virginia Woolf	Arrange whatever pieces come your way.
Vittorio Gassman	A totally healthy actor is a paradox.
Vivian Campbell	Def Leppard is a rock band that can sing.
Vladimir Lenin	One man with a gun can control 100 without one.
Vladimir Lenin	A lie told often enough becomes the truth.
Vladimir Lenin	Sometimes - history needs a push.
Vladimir Lenin	The goal of socialism is communism.
Vladimir Lenin	Fascism is capitalism in decay.
Vladimir Lenin	Democracy is indispensable to socialism.
Voltaire	Common sense is not so common.
Voltaire	To hold a pen is to be at war.
Voltaire	Every man is guilty of all the good he did not do.
Voltaire	Tears are the silent language of grief.
Voltaire	Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers.
Voltaire	The superfluous, a very necessary thing.
Voltaire	Man is free at the moment he wishes to be.
Voltaire	The secret of being a bore is to tell everything.
Voltaire	Love truth, but pardon error.
Voltaire	The best is the enemy of the good.
Voltaire	Marriage is the only adventure open to the timid.
Voltaire	All is for the best in the best of possible worlds.
Voltaire	Whatever you do, crush the infamy.
Voltaire	Repose is a good thing, but boredom is its brother.
W. Clement Stone	Prayer is man's greatest power!
W. Clement Stone	Self-suggestion makes you master of yourself.
W. Mark Felt	I'm the guy they used to call Deep Throat.
W. Mark Felt	I have to do this my way.
W. Mark Felt	The Bureau doesn't have any secret files.
W. Somerset Maugham	Impropriety is the soul of wit.
W. Somerset Maugham	Tolerance is another word for indifference.
W.B. Yeats	In dreams begins responsibility.
W.B. Yeats	Too long a sacrifice Can make a stone of the heart.
W.C. Fields	On the whole, I'd rather be in Philadelphia.
W.C. Fields	It ain't a fit night out for man or beast.
W.H. Auden	Good can imagine Evil; but Evil cannot imagine Good.
W.H. Auden	No hero is immortal till he dies.
W.H. Auden	To ask the hard question is simple.
Wallace Stevens	The poet makes silk dresses out of worms.
Wallace Stevens	The poet is the priest of the invisible.
Walt Disney	If you can dream it, you can do it.
Walt Disney	It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
Walt Kelly	We have met the enemy and he is us.
Walt Whitman	Every moment of light and dark is a miracle.
Walt Whitman	Simplicity is the glory of expression.
Walt Whitman	Be curious, not judgmental.
Walt Whitman	Whatever satisfies the soul is truth.
Walt Whitman	When I give I give myself.
Walt Whitman	We convince by our presence.
Walt Whitman	I celebrate myself, and sing myself.
Walt Whitman	If you done it, it ain't bragging.
Walt Whitman	If any thing is sacred the human body is sacred.
Walter Bagehot	Life is a school of probability.
Walter Hagen	No one remembers who came in second.
Walter Isaacson	I have a strong emotional respect for Steve.
Walter Winchell	Today's gossip is tomorrow's headline.
Walter Winchell	I never lost a friend I wanted to keep.
Walter Winchell	Nothing recedes like success.
Walter Winchell	She's been on more laps than a napkin.
Wanda Jackson	Yeah, they let me do whatever I wanted to.
Warren Buffett	Risk comes from not knowing what you're doing.
Warren Buffett	Price is what you pay. Value is what you get.
Warren Farrell	Nobody really believes in equality anyway.
Washington Irving	Great minds have purposes; others have wishes.
Washington Irving	Age is a matter of feeling, not of years.
Washington Irving	They who drink beer will think beer.
Wayne Dyer	Miracles come in moments. Be ready and willing.
Wayne Dyer	Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.
Weili Dai	Let students use technologies in the classroom.
Weili Dai	I believe women are the glue of everything.
Wendell Phillips	One, on God's side, is a majority.
Wilhelm Canaris	I have a clear conscience.
Will Durant	No man who is in a hurry is quite civilized.
Will Rogers	Don't let yesterday use up too much of today.
Will Rogers	Prohibition is better than no liquor at all.
Will Smith	The first step is you have to say that you can.
Will Smith	I want the world to be better because I was here.
Willem Dafoe	You have to lose yourself to find yourself.
Willem Dafoe	There's a real wisdom to not saying a thing.
Willem Dafoe	With theatre, you have to be ready for anything.
William Adams	Faith is a continuation of reason.
William Adams	So I departed and was free from imprisonment.
William Arthur Ward	Happiness is an inside job.
William Blake	I am in you and you in me, mutual in divine love.
William Blake	The true method of knowledge is experiment.
William Blake	Great things are done when men and mountains meet.
William Blake	Exuberance is beauty.
William Blake	What is now proved was once only imagined.
William Blake	The thankful receiver bears a plentiful harvest.
William Blake	The bird a nest, the spider a web, man friendship.
William Blake	Opposition is true friendship.
William Blake	Travelers repose and dream among my leaves.
William Blake	He who desires but acts not breeds pestilence.
William Blake	The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom.
William Blake	To create a little flower is the labor of ages.
William Blake	What is now proved was once only imagin'd.
William Blake	One Law for the Lion and Ox is Oppression.
William Blake	The eye altering, alters all.
William Blake	Shame is Pride's cloak.
William Camden	The sea hath fish for every man.
William Camden	The early bird catches the worm.
William Camden	Better a bad excuse, than none at all.
William Cowper	A fool must now and then be right, by chance.
William E. Gladstone	Justice delayed is justice denied.
William Feather	No man is a failure who is enjoying life.
William Feather	Few of us get anything without working for it.
William Feather	Wealth flows from energy and ideas.
William H. Gass	Getting even is one reason for writing.
William Hague	There's only one growth strategy: work hard.
William Hague	Egypt is a sovereign nation.
William Hague	A generation of children has been betrayed.
William Hamilton	The will of the world is never the will of God.
William Hazlitt	The more we do, the more we can do.
William Hazlitt	Poetry is all that is worth remembering in life.
William Hazlitt	Rules and models destroy genius and art.
William Hazlitt	As is our confidence, so is our capacity.
William Hazlitt	Spleen can subsist on any kind of food.
William Hazlitt	We are not hypocrites in our sleep.
William Hazlitt	The way to procure insults is to submit to them.
William III	Every bullet has its billet.
William James	Pessimism leads to weakness, optimism to power.
William James	Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
William James	Belief creates the actual fact.
William James	Time itself comes in drops.
William James	Begin to be now what you will be hereafter.
William Lloyd Garrison	That which is not just is not law.
William Makepeace Thackeray	Bravery never goes out of fashion.
William Penn	Time is what we want most, but what we use worst.
William Penn	Rebellion to tyrants is obedience to God.
William Penn	Knowledge is the treasure of a wise man.
William Ralph Inge	Originality is undetected plagiarism.
William S. Burroughs	Nothing is true, everything is permitted.
William Shakespeare	Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
William Shakespeare	If music be the food of love, play on.
William Shakespeare	No legacy is so rich as honesty.
William Shakespeare	Listen to many, speak to a few.
William Shakespeare	This above all; to thine own self be true.
William Shakespeare	The wheel is come full circle.
William Shakespeare	Hell is empty and all the devils are here.
William Thomas Cummings	There are no atheists in the foxholes.
William Wordsworth	The child is father of the man.
William Wordsworth	Faith is a passionate intuition.
William Wordsworth	The ocean is a mighty harmonist.
William Wordsworth	To begin, begin.
Willie Aames	God continues to work miracles in my life.
Willie Aames	I never thought of myself as handsome.
Willie Aames	Nobody makes me laugh like my wife.
Willie Nelson	It doesn't hurt to feel sad from time to time.
Willie Nelson	Freedom is control in your own life.
Willie Nelson	I didn't come here and I ain't leavin'.
Willie Nelson	I just enjoy both working and not working.
Wilson Mizner	To my embarrassment I was born in bed with a lady.
Wilson Mizner	God help those who do not help themselves.
Wilson Mizner	Most hard-boiled people are half-baked.
Wilson Mizner	Art is science made clear.
Wilson Mizner	You sparkle with larceny.
Winston Churchill	If you're going through hell, keep going.
Winston Churchill	Never, never, never give up.
Winston Churchill	To jaw-jaw is always better than to war-war.
Wolfman Jack	If you do right, everything will come out right.
Wolfman Jack	A little mordida, here. A little mordida, there.
Wolfman Jack	I've got that nice raspy sound.
Wolfman Jack	I'm not crazy about the rap thing. Or house music.
Wolfman Jack	I appreciate folks asking for my autograph.
Wolfman Jack	Kids like classic rock, and so do adults.
Woodrow Wilson	The world must be made safe for democracy.
Woody Allen	My one regret in life is that I am not someone else.
Woody Allen	Eighty percent of success is showing up.
Woody Allen	Tradition is the illusion of permanance.
Woody Allen	Seventy percent of success in life is showing up.
Wyatt Earp	Fast is fine, but accuracy is everything.
Yogi Berra	When you come to a fork in the road, take it.
Yogi Berra	It ain't over till it's over.
Yogi Berra	The future ain't what it used to be.
Yogi Berra	You can observe a lot by just watching.
Yogi Berra	I never said most of the things I said.
Yogi Berra	It's like deja-vu, all over again.
Yogi Berra	If the world was perfect, it wouldn't be.
Yogi Berra	A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore.
Yogi Berra	Half the lies they tell about me aren't true.
Yogi Berra	You can observe a lot just by watching.
Yolanda Adams	God is love. He loves everybody. He loves you.
Yuri Gagarin	I could have gone on flying through space forever.
Yuri Gagarin	I see Earth! It is so beautiful!
Yusuf Hamied	As long as I can contribute, I'll continue working.
Zac Efron	I'll never try to put on a fake image. I'm just Zac.
Zach Galifianakis	My forte is awkwardness.
Zaha Hadid	Like men, women have to be diligent and work hard.
Zaha Hadid	Would they call me a diva if I were a guy?
Zsa Zsa Gabor	Macho does not prove mucho.
Zsa Zsa Gabor	To be loved is a strength. To love is a weakness.
